Mic Check
When I was led to you
I knew you were the one for me
Come through dig the sound
I swear the whole world could feel you MC
Crowd around
I used to cop a lot, but never copped no drop
Hold mics like pony tails tight and bob a lot
Stop and stick around, come through and dig the sound
Of the fly brown 6-0 sicko psycho who throws his dick around
Bound to go three-plat, came to destroy rap
It's a intricate plot of a b-boy strap
Femstat cats get kidnapped
Then release a statement to the press, let the rest know who did that
Metal Fist terrorists claim responsibility
Broken household name usually said in hostility
Um... what is MF? You silly
I'd like to take "Means to the End" for two milli'
"Doo-doo-doo-doo-doo!" That's a audio daily double
Rappers need to fall off just to save me the trouble, yo
Watch your own back came in and go out alone, black
Stay in the zone—turn H2O to Cognac
On Doomsday!, ever since the womb ‘til I'm back where my brother went, that's what my tomb will say
Right above my government; Dumile
Either unmarked or engraved, hey, who's to say?
I wrote this one in B.C. D.C. O-section
If you don't believe me, go get bagged and check then
Cell number 17, up under the top bunk
I say this not to be mean, wish bad luck or pop junk
Pop the trunk on Cee Cipher Punk, leave him left scraped
God forbid, if there ain't no escape, blame MF tape
Definition "super-villain": a killer who love children
One who is well-skilled in destruction, as well as building
While Sidney Sheldon teaches the trife to be trifer
I'm trading science fiction with my man the live lifer
A pied piper holler a rhyme, a dollar and a dime
Do his thing, ring around the white collar crime
Get out my face, askin' ‘bout my case, need toothpaste
Fresher mint, monkey-style nigga get dentadent
And dope fiends still in they teens, shook niggas turn witness
Real mens mind their own business
That's the difference between sissy-pissy rappers that's double-dutch
How come I hold the microphone double-clutch
C.O.'s make rounds, never have ‘ox found
On shakedown, lock-down, wet dreams of Fox' Brown
On Doomsday!
Ever since the womb ‘til I'm back where my brother went
That's what my tomb will say
Right above my government; Dumile
Either unmarked or engraved, hey, who's to say?
Doomsday
Ever since the womb ‘til I'm back to the essence
Read it off the tomb
Either engraved or unmarked grave, who's to say?
Pass the mic like "Pass the peas like they used to say"
Some M-er F-ers don't like how Sally walk
I'll tell y'all fools it's hella cool how ladies from Cali talk
Never let her interfere with the Yeti ghetto slang
Nicknames off nipplin' tip of nipples metal fang. metal fang
Known amongst hoes for the bang-bang
Known amongst foes for flow without no talking orangutans
Only gin and Tang
Guzzled out a rusty tin can, me and this mic is like yin and yang
Clang! Crime don't pay, listen, youth
It's like me holding up the line at the kissing booth
I took her back to the truck, she was uncouth
Spittin' all out the sunroof, through her missing tooth
But then she has a sexy voice, sound like Jazzy Joyce
So I turned it up faster than a speeding knife
Strong enough to please a wife
Able to drop today's math in the 48 keys of life
Cut the crap far as rap
Touch the mic, get the same thing a Arab will do to you for stealing
What the Devil? He's on another level
It's a word! No, a name! MF - the Super-Villain!
When I
Doomsday
Check the sound
Right around was led to you
I knew you were the one for me
I swear the whole world could feel you MCNow I haven't eaten all day. How am I gonna do this man?
Yeah don't wait for her man, don't wait for her
I'll tell you what man: come with me now and you know
I'll get you some lunch, I'll hook you up with something
I got a little bank, y'know, no problem
I hear you, that's cool 
Man, can't you guys just wait here about a half hour, man?
Yo I'll be back man, I'm just gonna munch up a little bit man, I'm pretty hungry
Yo let him come back
Here you will find food for your body
As well as comfort for your troubled mind
I'd really like some soup 
Of course my friend. What happened to your hand?
Oh, food at last!
How did they get here?
Regular storage procedure, the same as the other food
What other food?
Fish  protein 
Now what happened?
Well, the cop got
The next morning I went to the store to get some food
 They arrested me
I'll save you 
Would you like a snack?
Thanks for the drink
Operation Doomsday complete
All your intercoms casualty and damage testing
Enough! you talk of the people's rights
The people have only those rights which I choose to give them
And that's for their own good, believe me
I do, DOOM
They disappoint me, they must work faster
But the prisoner-
Ah yes, the young traitor who has tried to turn my people against me
Watch him. I have special plans for that one
Beef rap, could lead to getting teeth capped
Or even a wreath for mom dukes on some grief crap
I suggest you change your diet
It can lead to high blood pressure if you fry it
Or even a stroke, heart attack, heart disease
It ain't no starting back once arteries start to squeeze
Take the easy way out phony, until then
They know they wouldn't be talking that bologna in the bullpen
So disgusting, pardon self as I discuss this
They talk a wealth of shit and they ain't never seen the justice
Bust this, like a cold milk from out the toilet
Two batteries some Brillo and some foil, heat'll boil it
He be better off on PC glued
And it's a feud so don't be in no TV mood
Every week it's mystery meat, seaweed stewed
He wears a mask just to cover the raw flesh
A rather ugly brother with flows that's gorgeous
Drop dead joints hit the whips like bird shit
They need it like a hole in they head or a third tit
Her bra smell, his card say: aw hell
Barred from all bars and kicked out the Carvel
Keep a cooker where the jar fell
And keep a cheap hooker that's off the hook like Ma Bell
Top bleeding, maybe fella took the loaded rod gears
Stop feeding babies colored sugar-coated lard squares
The odd pair swears and God fears
Even when it's rotten, we've gotten through the hard years
I wrote this note around New Year's
Off a couple a shots and a few beers, but who cares?
Enough about me, it's about the beats
Not about the streets and who food he 'bout to eat
A rhyming cannibal who's dressed to kill and cynical
Whether is it animal, vegetable or mineral
It's a miracle how he get so lyrical
And proceed to move the crowd like a old Negro spiritual
For a mil', do a commercial for Mello Yello
Tell 'em devil's hell no, sell y'all own Jello
We hollow krills, she swallow pills
He follow flea collar three dollar bills
And squeal for halal veal, if y'all appeal
Dig the real, it's how the big ballers deal
Twirl a L after every meal 
What up?
To all rappers: shut up with your shutting up
And keep your shirt on, at least a button-up
Yuck, is they rhymers or strippin' males?
Out of work jerks since they shut down Chippendales
They chippin' nails, DOOM, tippin' scales
Let alone the pre-orders that's counted off shippin' sales
This one goes out to all my peoples skippin' bail
Dippin' jail, whippin' tail and sippin' ale
Light the doobie 'til it glow like a ruby
After which they couldn't find the Villain like Scooby
He's in the lab on some old Buddha Monk shit
Overproof drunk shit, but who'd'a thunk it?
Punk, try and ask why ours be better
Could be the iron mask or the Cosby sweater
Yes, you, who's screwed by the dude on the CD, nude]
Yo! 
MF DOOM 
Mr. Fantastik 
What up, nigga? 
What's cracking, boy? 
Man 
These rap snitches, man, shit is bugged out, man
What the fuck, man? 
Niggas running their mouth, telling e'rything, e'rything 
Rap snitches, telling all their business
Sit in the court and be their own star witness
Do you see the perpetrator? Yeah, I'm right here
Fuck around, get the whole label sent up for years
Rap snitches, telling all their business
Sit in the court and be their own star witness
Do you see the perpetrator? Yeah, I'm right here
Fuck around, get the whole label sent up for years
Type profile low, like A in Paid in Full
Attract heavy cash cause the game's centrifugal
Mr. Fantastik, long dough like elastic
Guard my life with twin Glocks that's made out of plastic
Can't stand a brown nosing nigga, fake ass bastard
Admiring my style, tour bus through Manhattan
Plotting, plan the quickest, my flow's the sickest
My hoes be the thickest, my dro the stickiest
Street nigga, stamped and bonafide
When beef jump niggas come get me cause they know I ride
True to the ski mask, New York's my origin
Play a fake gangsta like a old accordion
According to him, when the D's rushed in
Complication from the wire, testimony was thin
Caused his man to go up north, the ball hit 'em again
Lame rap snitch nigga even told on the Mexican
Rap snitches, telling all their business
Sit in the court and be their own star witness
Do you see the perpetrator? Yeah, I'm right here
Fuck around, get the whole label sent up for years
Rap snitches, telling all their business
Sit in the court and be their own star witness
Do you see the perpetrator? Yeah, I'm right here
Fuck around, get the whole label sent up for years
True, there's rules to this shit, fools dare care
Everybody wanna rule the world with tears for fear
Yeah, yeah, tell 'em tell it on the mountain hill
Running up they mouth bill, everybody doubting still
Informer, keep it up and get tested
Pop through your bubble vest or double-breasted
He keep a lab down south in the little beast
So much heat you woulda thought it was the Middle East
A little grease always keeps the wheels a-spinning
Like sitting on twenty threes to get the squealers grinning
Hitting on many trees, feel real linen
Spitting on enemies, get the steel for tin men
Where no brains but gum flap
He said his gun clap, then he fled after one slap 
Son, shut your trap, save it for the bitches
Mmm, delicious, rapp snitch knishes
]
You know what I'm saying? 
Crazy, man, I'm just analyzing this whole game
This is bugged out, man, niggas is snitching
Telling on they own self 
Fuck around and get everybody bagged, man
 Fuck around and get yo mama bagged, nigga
You know your grandmama used to be bootlegging
Fake hustling nigga, heheheheh, haha
Perpetrator? Yeah, I'm right here...Before we go any further
Friends
As you call 'em, they call you when they need something
Trees for the blunt, the G's for the front
I found a way to get peace of mind for years and left the hell alone
Turn a deaf ear to the cellular phone
Send me a letter or better, we could see each other in real life
Just so you could feel me like a steel knife
At least so you could see the white of they eyes
Bright with surprise, once they finish spitting lies
Asssociates, is your boys, your girls, bitches, niggas, homies
Close, but really don't know me
Mom, dad, comrade, peeps, brothers, sisters, duns, dunnies
Some come around when they need some money
Others make us laugh like the Sunday funnies
Fam be around whether you paid or bummy
You could either ignore this advice or take it from me
Be too nice and people take you for a dummy
So nowadays he ain't so friendly
Actually they wouldn’t have made a worthy enemy
Read the signs: "No feeding the baboon"
Seein' as how they got ya back bleeding from the stab wounds
Y'all know the dance, they smile in ya face, y'all know the glance
Try to put 'em on, they blow the chance
Never let your so-called mans know your plans
 A show of hands
 is a term some people use loosely
I'm real choosy on what I choose to let crews see
You telling me; I try to act broke
Jealousy the number one killer among black folk
Fellas be under some type of spell like crack smoke
Ghetto Cinderellas, lead 'em right to your stack, loc
Just another way a chick'll lead to your end
I check the dictionary for the meaning of friend
It said: person, one who likes to socialize with
Sympathiser, helper, and that's about the size of it
Most of the time these attributes is one-sided
To bolster the crime, they're apt to shoot you through your eyelid
And they can't hide it, going wild like a white bitch
Sometimes ya need to cut niggas off like a light switch
 And when things get quiet
Catch 'em like a thief in the night, what a riot
I first met Mr. Fantastik at a arms deal
Don't let it get drastic, think of how your moms'll feel
When it get for real, steel get to sparkin'
Everything darken, and ain't no talkin'
For somethin so cheap, it sure buys a lot of trouble
Ya better off focusing than tryin to plot to bubble
Or else it'd be a sad note to end on, the guns we got is
Some come in the form of codependence
A lot of times only end up being codefendants
Ten bucks say they tell for a lower sentence
And leave you up under the jail, begging for a penance
It don't make no sense, what happened to the loyalty?
Honor amongst crooks, trust amongst royalty
I'd rather go out in a blaze, than give 'em the glory
 a similar story
 before lovers, we used to have some type of over-standing
Just so when I let her get the man thing, she know it's no strings
We could do the damn thing, but ho, it's no rings
Just how the tramp swings
Will she see 'em again?
That depends on how good was the skins and could she memorize the lessons
It ain't no need to pretend
Even though she let 'em stab it, she know they're just friends
Friends
How many of us have them?
Friends
Ones we can depend on?
Friends
How many of us have them?
Friends
Before we go any further
Fellas! Don't be silly! I know who my friends are!
And the next nice neighborhood I move into, you guys'll get crack'
;
Dr. DOOM; Character 2]
The most powerful, the most mysterious monarch in all the world
Guided by a fighting force that never sleeps
That never relaxes its vigilance
For none is as feared, none has as many foes
As DOOM, the awesome ironclad lord of
I know who Doom is 
He happens to be the most dangerous man in the world
I’d hope we’d never hear from him
I’d hope we’d never have to battle him
But now the worst has happened and I must tell you what we’re up against
I first met DOOM years ago
When he wanted to be alone, alone to pursue his forbidden experiments
One day while conducting a secret experiment
 Later, when he recovered from his injuries
Instead of having learned his lesson, DOOM was bitter, angry, vengeful
 What have I done to myself?
My face, it is hideous
He traveled the world, seeking a cure for his disfigured face
He traveled through remote villages, where strangers are seldom seen
He continued his search, never showing his face
Unless threatened by bandits who prey on travelers
Who foolishly wander alone through their domainKeep your hoes in check
I got this girl and she wants me to duke her
I told her I'd come scoop her around 8, she said 
That sounds great, shorty girl's a trooper
No matter what I need her to do, she be like 
Own his own throne, the boss like King Koopa
On the microphone he flossed the ring 
Average emcees is like a TV blooper
MF DOOM, he's like D.B. Cooper
Out with the moolah, I let her get a outfit
Just to cool her off she said niggas ain't about shit
I wonder if she meant it, I doubt it
The way it be in her mouth she can't live without it
And can't live with this, handle your business
Villain'll stay on a scandalous ho's shit list
One pack of cookies please, Mr. Hooper
It's fun smacking rookies, he is the 
Look like a black wookie when he let his beard grow
Weirdo, brown-skinned'd, always kept his hair low
Rumor has it it's a S-Curl accident
DOOM was always known to keep the best girls' backs bent
Some say it's the eyes, some say the accent
A lot of guys wonder where they stacks went
I call her thunder thighs with the fatty swolla
Only mess with high rollers, do what daddy told her
No matter the city she with me to do the thang-thang
Work in the coochie, hooptie chitty chitty bang bang
Same name on the titty as on the name ring
Pretty like Baby D off "All in the Same Gang"
Keep my eye on her, really don't trust her
But I treat her like a daughter, taught her how to bust a nut
And the heat to turn beef to horsemeat chalupa
Teach her how to hold it, of course he is the 
See most cats treat her like Foofur
Or beat her to a stupor, take it from the 
You need to make her feel cuter
And lay down the G like Luther, everything'll be 
Do for her, keep her in a new fur
So she look sweet when she go to meet the 
Got the buddha get the Grenadiers, twist it
Put it in the air, come here, kiss it
Listen here scooter, let her try to bag you
When she's on the rag, never let her fry the Ragu
Which'll have you under some type of spell crying "dag boo"
Her name on your back in a tattoo
Whether a bougie broad, nerd ho, street chick
Don't call her Wifey if you met her at the Freaknik
You don't want her don't waste her time, I'll dupe her
And be a father to your child like the 
He keep his hoes in check
Sends 'em out to get glows from off frozen necks
Tell 'em take his clothes, leave him posing naked for real
Better yet, get him for the check off the record deal
Find out where he keep the Tec and the blue steel
Make sure for extra wreck, let him know how you feel
And while he's running down to All-Star Weekend to ball
I'm coming with the U-Haul 
: Has the laser cannon been lowered?
: Everything has been prepared as you ordered. But how did you get permission to return to New York master?
: Through the efforts of the misguided fools
: It's free enterprise, and I'm not gonna have some blasted government bureaucrat tell me how to run my business. But DOOM will be my guest on my private estate in Long Island. There's nothing you can do about it
: He's dangerous, I just hope you know what you're doing
:  Don't I always. Ah, there's DOOM's jet, right on time
: Why's it so cold out here?
: The heat went out in the whole building
: It's warming up out there in Long Island with DOOM
: DOOM? Here in New York?
: Yes DOOM has an amazing new machine
: Get the president of the United States on the phone
: How long's all this gonna take, DOOM?
: I would not advise you to repeat that error
: Sure, I know what you meanAlready woke, spared a joke, barely spoke, rarely smoke
Stared at folks when properly provoked, mirror broke
Here, share a strawberry morning
Gone, an more important spawning, torn in, poor men sworn in
Cornish hens switching positions
Auditioning morticians, saw it in a vision, ignoring prison
Ignoramuses enlist and sound dumb
Found 'em drowned in cow's dung, crowns flung
Rings a Tinkerbell, sing for things that's frail as a fingernail
Bring a scale, stale ginger lingers
Seven figures invigor
Nigga, fresh from out the jail, alpha male
Sickest ninja injury this century, enter plea
Lend sympathy to limper Simple Simon rhyming emcees
Trees is free, please leave a key
These meagre fleas, he's the breeze
And she's the bees knees for sheez, G's of G's
Seize property, shopper sprees, chop the cheese
Drop the grease to stop diseases, gee wiz pa!
DOOM rock grammar like the kumbaya
Mama was a ho hopper
Papa was a Rolling Stone star like Obama, pull a card like oh drama
Civil liberties
These little titties abilities riddle me, middle C 
Ooh, give a MC a rectal hysterectomy
Lecture on removal of the bowels, foul technically
Don't expect to see the recipe
Until we receive the check as well as the collection fee
More wreck than Section Z, what you expect to get for free?
Shit from me, history
The key, plucked it off the mayor
Chucked it in the ol' tar pit off La Brea, player
They say he's gone too far
DOOM'll catch em after Jumah on cue lacka!
Do whatcha gotta do, grarrrr
The rumors are not true, got two ma
No prob, got the job, hot-barred heartthrob
Scotchguard the bar with cotton swabs, dart lob
Bake a cake, sweet, Jamaica trade in treats on the beach
Make her skeet til her feets meet
Can it be I stayed away too long?
Did you miss these rhymes when I was gone?
As you listen to these crazy tracks
Check them stats then you know where I'm at
And that's that
Look, there's Doom now!
I followed him to the studio, but I was too late to stop him
That's right! You'll never stop me!
You're dead! You're all dead! Doom!I get no kick from champagne
Mere alcohol doesn't thrill me at all
So tell me why shouldn't it be true?
I get a kick out of brew
There's only one beer left
Rappers screaming all in our ears like we're deaf
Tempt me, do a number on the label
Eat up all they emcees and drink 'em under the table
Like, "It's on me—put it on my tab, kid"
However you get there, foot it, cab it, iron horse it
You're leaving on your face, forfeit
I crush the mic, hold it like the heat, he might toss it
Told him tell 'em they stole it, he told her he lost it
She told him, "Get off it," and a bunch of other more shit
Getting money, DT's be getting no new leads
It's like he eating watermelon, stay spitting new seeds
It's the weed, give me some of what he drooping off
Soon as he wake up, choking like it was whooping cough
They group been soft
First hour at the open bar and they're trooping off
He went to go laugh and get some head by the side road
She asked him autograph her derriere, read:
"To Wide Load, this yard bird taste like fried toad turd
Love, Villain" — take pride in code words
Crooked eye, mold, nerd geek with a cold heart
Probably still be speaking in rhymes as an old fart
Study how to eat to die by the pizza guy
No, he's not too fly to skeet in a skeezer eye
And squeeze her thigh, maybe give her curves a feel
The same way she feel it when he flow with nerves of steel
They call the super when they need their back, uh, plumbing fixed
"How's there only one left? The pack comes in six!
Whatever happened to two and three?"
A herb tried to slide with four and five
And got caught like, "What you doing, G?
Don't make 'em have to get cutting like truancy
Matter fact, not for nothing, right now, you and me!"
Looser than a pair of Adidas
I hope you brought your spare tweeters
MCs sound like cheerleaders
Rapping and dancing like Red Head Kingpin
DOOM came to do the thing again, no matter who be blingin'
He do it for the smelly hubbies
Seeds know what time it is like it's time for Teletubbies
Few can do it, even fewer can sell it
Take it from the dude who wear a mask like a 'tarded helmet
He plots shows like robberies
In and out — one, two, three — no bodies, please
Run the cash and you won't get a wet sweatshirt
The mic is the shotty: nobody move, nobody get hurt
Bring heat like your boy done gone to war
He came in the door, and "Everybody on the floor!"
A whole string of jobs like we on tour
Every night on the score, coming to your corner store
There, it is done
Now that the representative from South Africa has been
Mind programmed
All of the world leaders on earth are under my control
And when they meet tomorrow in special session
I, DOOM, shall be voted: Master of the World
My plan is foolproof, but just in case
And what about snow?
Now you keep your eyes open
When I tell ya, start snappin' 
Uh, ladies and gentlemen
I am risking my life to tell you with, with great concern
That I must warn you, I, I
You must listen
Many among you, have, have had their minds taken over
DOOM, gosh, I wish I’d brought my autograph book
 Right, lead-head
You’re weird
Why is everyone staring at us?
Relax masseur, just do your thing
What? Why, I’ll bend your read-out meter for ya, you little
What’s the matter? 
You’re nothing but a chicken-head
 Hold itYo, yo, yo, y'all can't stand right here
In his right hand was your man's worst nightmare
Loud enough to burst his right eardrum, close-range
The game is not only dangerous, but it's most strange
I sell rhymes like dimes
The one who mostly keep cash but brag about the broker times
Joking rhymes, like the "Is you just happy to see me?" trick
Classical slapstick rappers need Chapstick
A lot of 'em sound like they in a talent show
So I give 'em something to remember like the Alamo
Tally-ho! A high Joker like a Spades game
Came back from five years laying and stayed the same
I'm saying, electromagnetic field it blocks all logic, Spock
And G-Shocks her biological clock
When I hit it, slit it to the shitter,  thought I killed her goose
Her Power U was pure Brita water, filtered juice
Keep a pen like a fiend keep a pipe with him
Gentleman who lent a pen to a friend who write with him
Never seen the shit again but he's still my dunny
The only thing that come between us is krill and money
I sell rhymes like dimes
The one who mostly keep cash but brag about the broker times
Better rhymes make for better songs, it matters not
If you got a lot of what it takes just to get along
Surrender now or suffer serious setbacks
Got get-back, connects wet-back, get stacks
Even if you gots to get jet-black, head to toe
To get the dough, battle for bottles of Mo' or 'dro
This fly flow take practice like Tae Bo with Billy Blanks
"Oh, you're too kind!" "Really? Thanks!"
To the gone and lost forever like "Oh My Darling Clementine"
He hold his heart when he telling rhyme
When it's his time, I hope his soul go to Heaven
He nasty like the old time Old No. 7
You still taste it when you chase it with the Coca-Cola
Make 'em wish they could erase it out the Motorola
I told her, "No credit for a bag
If you want what they got, then go get it, it's all gack"
Only in America could you find a way to earn a healthy buck
And still keep your attitude on self-destruct
I sell rhymes like dimes
The one who mostly keep cash but tell about the broke times
Joking rhymes, like the "Is you just happy to see me?" trick
Classical slapstick rappers need Chapstick
A lot of 'em sound like they in a talent show
So I give 'em something to remember like the Alamo
Tally-ho! A high Joker like a Spades game
Came back from five years laying and stayed the same
Saying, "Electromagnetic feeling blocks all logical, Spock"
And G-Shocks her biological clock
When I hit it, slit her to the shitter,  thought I killed her goose
Her Power U was pure Brita water, filtered juice
Keep a pen like a fiend keep a pipe with him
Gentleman who lent a pen to a friend who write with him
Never seen the shit again but he's still my dunny
The only thing that come between us is krill and money
We sell rhymes like dimes
The one who mostly keep cash but tell about the broke times
"In your arms tonight
She'll reflect
That she owes you the sweetest of debts
If she wants to pay"
Check it out, y'all! Ya don't stop! Keep on, to the sure shot!
Huh-ha! Uh, uh, uh, uh, oh!
Yeah, you're listening to the buttery slickness
The Land-O-Lakes from my man MF DOOM!
Ha ha ha ha! Yeah!
Rock-shocking the house, with another nugget
Uh-uh-ah, eh, oh, ah, hoo-wee!
Yeah! Yeah!
Regulation status, right here
Fondle 'Em Recordings, 1999
Yeah!
Now what are you 'posed to say on the end of records?
I don't know! Yeah! Woo! Yeah!
Mashed potatoes!
Apple sauce!
Buttery... biscuits!
And I get lost
A yes, yes, yes, yes y'all
You don't stop
Keep on, a' to the break-a-dawn
Say what?
Uh!
Yeah!
You thought it all was over!
You thought the song was over!
Ah! We tricked you! We tricked you!
Ha ha ha ha... Woo!
You listening to www  dot hairline dot com
MF DOOM, Kool Bob Love... 
I strive to be humble, lest I stumble
Never sold a jumbo or copped chicken with its mumbo
Sauce, Tyson is a fowl holocaust
Hitler gassed your whole head up with poultry, I'm fed up
Ignore cordon bleu, stand up, get up
Lunge for your knife, don't forget your potholders
What, these old things? About to throw 'em away
With the gold rings that make 'em don't fit like OJ
Usually I take them off with Oil of Olay
MCs is crabs in a barrel, pass the Old Bay
Hot as hell and it's a cold day, innit?
Working on a way that we can roll away tinted
Some say the price of holding heat is often too high
You either be in a coffin or you be the new guy
The one that's too fly to eat shoo pie
Never too busy when it comes down to you and I
 A lot of niggas wish to die
They need to hold they horses, there's bigger fish to fry
You're on the list, if not, pick a number spot
Ten and a half Timbs is made to kick your bumba claat
I coulda had a V-8
F-150 quad cab but I'll be straight
Money comes and goes like that two bit hussy
That night that tried to rush me, Dwight, pass the dutchie
So I can calm down so they don't get it twisted
Take it from the fire side, it won't get blistered
Got it, what happened? Oh, it's not lit
These metal fingers be holding 
When I was four, I penned "God Was Born In New York"
Back in '77, still got nan in the crescent
The effervescence of God's presence is thick
Unlike vapor, Esther Rolle, extra raw, word to the baker
Peace to the hardworkin' gingerbread makers
Looked her up and down said, "Hmm, too much makeup"
Poor music taste, ten years from being grown up
Rappers don't blow up heads do 
My name is Dwight Spitz, I'mma Sonic addict
I use to think it was merely a nagging habit
Born under a bad sign, I'm serious about this curse of mine
I strive to flip it into fine wine
Barely born a virgin is what the stars said
Black not white, red all over though like Elmo
Twenty-eight years have passed, I feel I'm peaking
I make music every weekend
It's a chore, a fact of life, a labor of love
I get mad love but I detest the labor
And its wages, you know death
I'm servin' life from this gift of God
Don't forget your potholders, my niggas 
A short time laterIt's the beat, he hear it in his sleep sometimes
Blare it in your jeep so your peoples can stare at them rhymes
Real rhymes not your everyday hologram
Even when ribs was touchin', never swallowed the ham
He'd rather eat a sand sandwich salad
It might need salt like your man's bland ballad
A lot of stuff happens that the news won't tell you's
Blues on L juice, snooze, all hell loose
Rake it, take it like the good, the bad, the ugly
Break it, rollin' through ya hood in the caddy buggy
Butter softly, leather flossy, fatty juggy
Always threw me off when she told me, "Daddy, funk me"
I'm like, "Anywho's"
Seeds walkin' all out in street with out any shoes
I guess it's better than some funky socks
You need to get her some skips before she catch the monkey pox   
Instead she wanna hear the beatbox
Take pills and make fake krills as sheetrock
Sing it, bring it, back to your laboratory
While he's in his oratory, glorious like a horror story
The mask is like Jason
They told the place not to let the basket type case in
He could be some kind of wacko
Waitin' for the chance to heat the pipes like a crack ho
He busted in, blessed be the Lord
Who believe any mess they read up on a message board
If so, I got bridges for the low low
Same bitch a-go dry snitchin' to the popo
Here, orange peel stogs for the whole tier
Feel like I've been gone over a year, came home to old gear
It was the shit when I first scooped it
At least I get to sit out in New York and curse stupid
Plead the fifth, sip wine stiffly
Patiently come up and be spiffy in a jiffy
Gift for the grind, criminal mind shifty
Swift with the nine through a fifty nine fifty
Well edumacated, he heard it when he meditated
In deep theta, let her hate the creep later
Dedicated cheap skata who keeps data
Say he stay self medicated to sleep later
Side effects is similar to sugar pill
Whoever go next on the mic he put a booger, ewww
And made his exit on some calm shit
Begged him on the regular for kegs of more vomitspitVillain man never ran with krills in his hand and
Won't stop rockin' til he clocked in a gazillion grand
Tillin' the wasteland sands
Raps on backs of treasure maps, stacks to the ceilin' fan
He rest when he's ashes
Ask 'em after ten miles in his ga-lashes, smashes stashes
Chip on his shoulder with a slip on holster
A clip, a folder and his grip on a boulder bolster
They supposed to know, it show when his aura glow
Get from out the row, when he get dough, it's horrible
Time is money, spend, waste, save, invest the fess
For 10 K's, he'll cave a chicken chest S
Yes y'all, the dub will get ya trickles
The best ballers pitch in and rub to get a nickels
But tut tut, he 'bout to change the price again
It go up each time he blow up like hydrogen
Villain here, have 'em shrillin' in fear
And won't stop top illin' 'til he a gazillionaire
Grillin' stare, yeah, ya boy had drama
Got 'em on a mental plane, avoided bad karma
Once sold an inbred skinhead a nigga joke
Plus a brand new chrome smoker with the triggers broke
I thought I told 'em, "Firing pins was separate"
He find out later when he tries to go and rep it
Took a Jehovah money for a Arabic Torah
Charged in advance to translate it and ignored it sorta
One monkey don't stop no slaughter
A junkie wanna cop a quarter ton, run for the border
Know the drill, it ain't worth the overkill
Flows kill, still, there's no thrill
Vill'll bill ya 10K bills in his pill'a
Villa', when it gets realer, split the skrilla with
Dilla  mix, mix, mix
Do a deal for kicks and get rich quick
Sketch lyric, bet'cha bottom nick on some vic
Ick from the drumstick come with the dumb shtick
Sick slick, hidden in a book
The only way they find it if you're spittin' in a hook
Listen, don't look now, keep walkin'
Traded three beans for this cow, cheap talkin'
Hawk men stalkin' hear that we hawkin' often
Coughin' to a coffin, might as well scoff the pork then
He's like Worf, some say stronger though
Off the top, Jay Strongbow, play along bro
Wear a mask like yo, off The Gong Show
Flow slow as Mongo, Don Juan thong pro
For ya info when he's not practicin' Jim Crow
Or actressin' and some nympho bimbo
He's playin' Ray J, the old tape
DOOM—well what can I say like JJ in a gold cape
Fill it to the rim like brim
Villain and ya won't find him in no gym
Probably a foggy bog with the frogs
With a dot on the guard as he squat on a log
Half cocked and half baked
Used to keep a full stock of work, half rocked and half shaked
My mistake, sign a track agreement
For more G's than lines and cracks in the cement
In any event it's fake like wrestlin'
Get 'em like Jake The Snake on mescalines
Ahem, elixir for the dry throat
Tried to hit the high note, Villain since a itsy bitsy zygote
By remote, send in the meat wagon
Braggin' MC's packed in with they feets draggin'
These stats are staggerin'
Had his Ph.D in indiscreet street hagglin'
Villain, his agenda is clear
Endin' this year with dividends to spare, here
It's not meant for the seein'
Went through the ceilin' after enterin' his center bein'
A new meanin' to sales through the roof
Guaranteed raw and saw his truth was truth, proof
It's the return of the tramp
Who do a duet jam when Ernest goes to camp
For the right earn - kna'mean like Vern
We need some more oil for the machines to burn, learn
Jiminy crickets
He gets lucky like winnin' free tickets off sickly lyrics
One man's waste is another man's soap
Son's fanbase know the brotha man's dope
A real weirdo with a bugged rare flow
And the way his hair grow was ugly as a scarecrow
He wears a mask so the charge won't grab
On a rooftop with a large stone slab
Heads up, talk white and thought niggerish
Refuse to walk tight and got his off the vigorish
Black licorice and equally as yucky
How he handled the money was strictly Dan Stuckie
Monkey hustle, man on fire
Later for the date than the Hadron Collider
And cost more, it be seemin' like a style
DOOM leave the competition steamin' like a pile
Smile, ding! Sparklin' jewels
In effect like alternate side of the street parkin' rules
Fools, the roach was never dead
Live for a week then dehydrate with a severed head
Instead, it was depicted as flicked in
Split, the wicks lit 
We have got to try and find DOOM!
Good luck!Darker than the East river, larger than the Empire State
Where the beast who guard the barbed wire gate
Is on the job—not my fate, tired of the wait
'Til the Villain bring deliverance from the dire straits
Fire at a higher rate why'd they make the liars?
Fliers scatter, buy a plate—isolate the wires
Try the straight pliers, if not—the vice grips
A real price-saver way to acquire nice whips
What a steal for real on wheels of steel
Stunner, a funner summer number-one meal deal-bummer
A bizarre phenomenon—is your armor on?
Take your cash, Karma, or break your fast—Ramadan
Transaction drama—aw, come on, Barney
Clack, clack—pardon me, whack rap con carne
He came to feed the childrens like Sally Struthers
After that, he's going back to Cali, where's the—
Wilder than the Nile, hold power like the great pyramids
Of Giza, and stay leanin' like the tower of Pisa
Give him something he can feel that's soft to squeeza
Raw with the pen, and on the mic—off the hezza
Get shot off that wide-eyed talk
If he had a pot—he'd still piss on the sidewalk
Can't take the street out the street-person
Lookin' for the perfect beat, coercion into heat-burstin'
They couldn't spot him on the spot date
Got the only tape that come with a free hot-plate
Whoever do get to see me sing
With the 3 D-ring, sittin' stationary like B.B. King
Can see how it really sting—it ain't no front row
Standing room only at the motocross stunt show
The ruckus ain't up to Snuffleupagus
Me and Sub' is like the brown Smothers Brothers 
Vaster than the seven seas, bigger than Mount Kilimanjaro
If they don't know, fill 'em in tomorrow
On the horror show, a mental note: return Bob’s record
Swear to God, before he gets a job, he robs Eckerd
Blessed with a hot flow—tested—it got dough
Invested in stress, the best to finesse an opto
As I reminisce, never forgot when I was very broke
Shot the Henny straight, couldn't afford to cop the Cherry Coke
Or should I say, broke with wealth?
To know enough to give them just enough rope to yoke they self
Plan B before I take the ring and pawn it
The long arm of the law couldn't even put they fingers on it
Dog-gone it—do the statistics
How he bust lyrics—it's too futuristic for ballistics
And far too eccentric for forensics
I dedicate this mix to Subroc, the hip-hop Hendrix
"In my pocket, a note. 
It's—from my father."
"—from the guard's whip. Is this a trick?
Why would I resort to trickery? You're already a prisoner. What do I gain by deceiving you?
You can't blame me for being suspicious."
"No."
HeheMy servants began to forge what was to become
The most dreaded costume on the face of the earth
The last thing to fit was the mask
Will it conform to my twisted features in comfort
He cleans his metal mask with gasoline, they after him
Last seen pulling chicks like a fiend pull a fast one
Can't put shit past him
Got niggas on his own team mad enough to blast him
Retarded in real life, on the mic Rain Man
Stand close to his main man like a chain gang
Who give a fuck about who or they fancy crew
That's no mystery that Hardy Boys do with Nancy Drew
Saw her with her drawers down, caught her
The extorter bring slaughter like "Well I oughta"
I suggest you hand over the formula doula
A villain in your land, in his land a ruler
Hard hitting like puffing a woola with Lieutenant Uhura
Every day feel like it's an off day with Ferris Bueller
Brother pull heat to prove they not sweet
No matter how you spell it, we still got beats
Don't question how we live, question what we give
Take it to the next leave 'em where they can't see me
Still they judge, but they be butt ass
Twist that wig like a muppet, keep it simple, can't truss it
Light's the fuel, mic is the tool
Drink Jack, kick back, drop jewel, finish what I start
Mastered the art, living hell can't explain it
Inhale confuse it more, cop the .44
Contemplate, meditate, dictate
I direct my direct fate, coming of late
Kurious, can I say, "Shit?"
Do it for CottleRock, do it for K.Nit
K-N-I-T, Sub R-O-C
Only we save we
By candlelight my hand will write these rhymes 'til I'm burnt out
Mostly from experience, shit that I learned about
Topics and views, generally concerned about
With different ways to come up and earn clout
I take a look at my life and pace the trails
From Tablik and savage females with fake nails to face veils
You out your frame but still bagging 'em too
You know I know, these hoes be asking me if I'm you
Like my twin brother, we did everything together
From hundred raka'at salats to copping butter leathers
Remember when you went and got the dark blue Ballys
I had all the different color Cazals and Gazelles
The "SUBROC" three-finger ring with the ruby in the "O", ock
Truly the illest dynamic duo on the whole block
I keep a flick of you with the machete sword in your hand
Everything is going according to plan manIt's horrible, one little evening alone, home
End up with carpal tunnel syndrome
And here I am, known for giving heavy back aches
Grown and living off of Little Debbie snack cakes
Supposed to be checking emails
All I got is messages from ass naked females
I don't know a Jenny
She said it's free and I won't owe her a penny
And that's the last time I saw her
But thousands of more horrors on online Gomorrah
And Sodom, they got 'em with they curls out
And they got a better sales pitch than the Girl Scouts
I wonder what I owe her
For a whole box of caramel coconut samoa
, Uh, ok honey, sweet dreams
Now it's time to get serious like Peek Freans
A metal handful, wipe it on the quilt
Wife wake up and I'm kill't over spilt milk
Locked in, looking at your picture
Fully clothed winter and I right there with ya
Thinking about the last time I split your wishbone
A man could only wish you do the same 'til he get home
Fat chance, at least he get snacks
That'd have to do 'til a brother get back
Until then smack One-Eyed Jack
And hope one of his peoples can hook him with a tri-pack
That's three different flavors
Chocolate, vanilla and strawberry wafers
Acting all hard, 'bout to get beat up
I'll show him what time it is once I get this sheet up
Soon as he fell off the beat down
All I hear is, "13th cell, put the sheet down"
Damn C.O.,, what the hell do she know?
Besides the fact she wanna get dug out on the d-low
A workaholic with a fountain in the ink pen
Out in the mountains and I stopped drinking again
In the wee hours, he's gotten farther
Needing three showers, being hot and bothered
The wiz with her legs bent, pregnant
God bless the day she wondered where her egg went
I need a L, it's hard to drink without it
And could use some kookies but trying not to think about it
Watching "BET" on jazz for knowledge on file
Every other commercial, college hoes gone wild
Soft batch, I prefer the other bunch
Like we got for lunch, chocolate fudge butter crunch
He don't mess with the Ritz Bits
Wheat Thins, Saltines or Triscuits
Matzos or Cheez-Its
Catch sugar fits every time that he sees
Chips Ahoy, double chocolate chunk
Something with the bubble and the junk in the trunk
Even the Oreos, no matter what weather
Always kept 'em dipped in milk and stuck together
In the game he's shameless
Even uses a code name: Famous Amos
It's cheaper than a short stay at the Day's Inn
And good like 25 cent oatmeal raisin
Give a hand to who invented the camera
Skip past the graham animal in Grandma’s
Shh, make sure she don't wake from her dream chill
Or get caught with a handful of cream fill
"Oh, honey! What are you doing? That's so nasty!"
It might seem ill
"Ew! Go wash your hands!"
Kookies
"Get out of here!"
"DOOM is master of the world."
"I'd sure hate to see that ugly mug in my history book."
"You've disturbed me for the last time."
: Hey, y'know something gang, that DOOM ain't all bad
: What do you mean, Ben?
: Well I gotta admit that I've been having a real good time. Y'know, I mean, between you and me I kinda like being black
: Well, maybe if we're lucky he'll attack us once more and send you back, Benjamin
: Ah-haha very funny, very very funny
: He must be mad
: Well, if anyone can do it. Nevertheless let's get out of here, while we can
: Food, we need foodGive it a sec for the pain to start
This wreck right here, it ain't for the faint of heart
They thought they saw the worst verse
From the team of G men who seem like nerds at first
Once they get to know us people dig us
Leaders in the fight for equal rights for niggas
Inventor of the more dementeder flow, no bout a-doubt it
This go for if you're bout it, bout it or rowdy, rowdy
Whatever's clever, the master fold
Who every hooker heard of, but now ho know
If we see tomorrow, the next day classes
The Villain in the back with the x-ray glasses
Have no fear, the ninja here
Feel 'em like the tinge in your ear from drinking ginger beer
When it's on, loco head gon' lay low
And heat it like beef patty, coco bread kon queso
If you say so lace the whole case load
They say he wear a metal mask in case his face show
He told 'em they flows is bitch talk and ayo's
His whole crew walk with pitchfork and halos
Say, ho, if you never worked a J-O
And keep more cash in the stash than a peso
Okay, yo, y'all know who to follow
Tie 'em up in the crib and leave they place hollow
Oh, shoot, the goose is loose
So wild you couldn't chase it down with straight fruit juice
Frown like the first time you taste cous cous
Stash the deuce deuce, troops asking truce, truce
Today on intense wreck week
We have the super villain in his own defense to speak
It's all part of my mental techniques
Available to freaks and pencil neck geeks
Train a sane brain to an insane train of thought
On a campaign trail he came to gain your support
Charge cash for a autograph
Say some shit to make your daughter laugh then slaughter the ass
See 'em on the big screen like Steve McQueen
Do something and never be back once he leaves the scene
Keep more medicated pads than Stridex
For his own side wreck with no known side effects
Before you press charges use your noodle
So what when he grab the mic he crush your cute cuticles
Keep your mouth shut, everything will be beautiful
It would be awfully rude to you, now get back to your hooty hoo
Damn it, it ain't worth the drama, can it
From the calm bandit eat rhymers like pomegranate
Soon as he stepped in, he lit the room
Boom, reschedule my noon with Britt Hume
 In love with Mary Jane, she's my main thing
Pulled her right from that web head, what a lame brain
Maintain and say it, don't spray it
You wanna see your girl again, you might as well pay it
If I had a dime for every rhymer that bust guns
I'll have a cool mil' for my sons in trust funds
When I was broker than a broke dick dog
I always kept a L to smoke in thick fog
When it rain, it sure do thunderstorm
I got more rhymes in the summer than musty underarms
One, two, microphone checker
First learned to neck off a Home Ec homewrecker
This is back when he was like crib age
When he hit the stage, it's like a gauge to the rib cage
Break the mic like a rock star break a guitar
And jump off the stage like "Yee haw!"
: We shall now vote for a new world leader. I nominate, DOOM. All in favor, say Aye
): Aye!
: Oh no
: DOOM, is master of the world
: We must hurry
: Wait! If you are really with us, prove it. Let me hear you say it. Tell me that DOOM is a tyrant and must be overthrown
: I-I have spent my life
: Say it! You have spent your life serving a tyrant. DOOM must be stopped
: I fear you're right, my friend
: The President of the United States is on the phone
: Mr. President, you're at the mercy of your deadliest enemy
: It is time you learned once and for all, DOOM. The united states does not barter with terrorists
: You never learn, do you?
: Here, this is the address of friends in New York. They'll help: Running desperately low on food, they were forced to turn back
: Well I'll be!
: What's that villain doing?
: Princess, your voice sounds familiar
: Well it should. You see, DOOM wants me to marry him. But after seeing what he has done to our peaceful world, I despise him. He intends to destroy all of us if I persist in refusing him, even now
Sheitan never came so ill, he got skill
Met a brother from the grill that gave my spine chills
All thirty three nerves controlling my curves
Common sense just swerved every time I got served
Stress, frustration, empty rhetoric
Cold as winter in Connecticut, compassion lacking deficit
Thought it was love like, sent from above, you not a soulmate
More ways and actions of a primate
Who by low and census coming faker than extensions
Pissed away all good intentions, outta here sister was missin'
Intuition, maybe it was me, I couldn't see
Holding onto fantasy, getting bitten by reality
War wound, purple heart, love veteran
Morphine, pain killers, drugs and medicine
Anything just to forget the hurt
Incoming! Take cover, hit the dirt
On the front-line, there's casualties in the mind
And the POW's get left behind
Mentally scarred for life, love is war
And some chicks are just too hard to wife
I shoulda deaded it from genesis instead of hittin' the Guinnesses
Now I'm free falling, cursing at the street, bawling
He ceased calling, no appetite for feast darling
So deep all in, I bet he never stop balling women
Forsake God for the scent of a man
Sacrifice a whole life for a slice, overstand?
Maybe it's a lack of pigment, loneliness imagine figment
Only got the car tinted to pull extra G's in it
Damn Jody, comin with the okie doke, pokie poke
Steady rockin boats, got me aimin for ya throats
Sniper scope, weren't we supposed to elope?
Propose then ya froze, I don't think that I can cope
War wound, purple heart, love veteran
Morphine, pain killers, drugs and medicine
Anything just to forget the hurt
Incoming! Take cover, hit the dirt
On the front-line, there's casualties in the mind
And the POW's get left behind
Mentally scarred for life, love is war
And some chicks are just too hard to wife
Constant frustration, stemming from a no-win situation
Rushing lust and fornication adding to the complication
Patience is a virtue, pain run deep when love desert you
Listenin' to whisperin', choosing chaos over discipline
Simpleton, life should really be a piece of Entenmann’s
Relationships strengthening, flower essence: Penstemon
Gentlemen, my favorite shit, so I've never forsaken it
I persevere, make it fit, sculpting and reshaping it
Taking sips off a fifth of it, passionate, intense
Incense candles lit, scandalous
Emotional bandages, why would he abandon this?
Guess he couldn't handle it, the boss is magnanimous
War wound, purple heart, love veteran
Morphine, pain killers, drugs and medicine
Anything just to forget the hurt
Incoming! Take cover, hit the dirt
On the front-line, there's casualties in the mind
And the POW's get left behind
Mentally scarred for life, love is war
And some chicks are just too hard to wife
: Oh boy here we go!
: How come all you college boys wear them faggotty-looking white shoes, the look funny as hell. Ah looks like she got burnt laces
: You didn't wash your neck. Sometimes we don't wash our necks, but that's ok
: Oh I washed my neck. Take-take a look at my neck
: Hold it right there you!
: Where you are going, there are no jokes
: I'm beginning to think that armor plated Gargoyle doesn't like meBy the way, I re-up on bad dreams, bag up screams in fiftys
Be up on mad schemes that heat shop like jiffy-pop
In a instant get smoked like Winston Cigarettes
Ho's get ripped off like Nicorette patch
In real life the real trife scene
Might snatch ya life like assault machine
Rifle, dead up setup like bull-fight
Be blunted how we like couldn't white or in full flight
The unemotional call me anti-social
On the run off the gun death tally commercial
Death valley is like rehearsal to the streets
To my peeps G.M MF on the beat
Rhymes is chosen like the weapons of war
So keep from steppin on my floor or delivery front door
I bring it to ya'll motherfuckers master yours
My disaster cause: Hell.. in gas drawls
The supervillain cooler than a million, I be chillins
Still quick to slice squares like Sicilians
Dont make me have to hurt them feelings
I'll ruin you in the dirt that I be doin in my dealings 
Sendin spirits through the ceilin', chrome peelin'
Dome blown within the comforts of your own home
Grown big wheelin' and high rollin'
I hold the lye, it keeps the sty on my eye swollen'
Holdin, foldin the pal
Known as massive-versatile
I’d like to big-em-up monster isle
Uummm, Yeah
I saw you in Hell with them gas drawls
Mhm
To my brother Subroc and Black Ju
I crack brew for, two more, three men, two up
I hit the brew up like nobody knows how X the unseen feels
When giving crews a brush with death like between meals
Two times a day with brothers that's tight like a noose
With more rhymes in use than Dr. Seuss or motherfuckin' mother goose
X the suspicious flirter
Who every hooker hearda', next to malicious murda'
A track type vicious fulfillin the pipe wishes
The misses may be legal minus the baby eagle
Any given summer's eve don't breathe
Sixteen shots I do believe and one up the sleeve
Master of the O who predict ya last pause
I told y'all, Hell and gas drawls
Breakin glass and plastic jaw like federal drastic law
Fed up from fightin' secret war wit' them Fantastic Four 
Versus Doom wit' the metal face before I go to state
The ho better settle case
The flow is at pedal pace steady like tricycles
Beware all suckas is froze like icicles 
And baggin' bitches like nickels
Cause I licked 'em where they tickle before I hit the clit though
I'ma split till I pronounce More hits than a ounce no doubt
About ta bounce, X the unannounced, I'm out
[Outro: MF DOOM
And I like to give a shoutout to the brother Jet Jaguar
Megalon and King Geedorah
I call this joint right here Gas Drawls
In Hell with yoursOne more beer
And I'll take you all
All of you
Banned from all bars
The man with seven scars
Smack it up, flip it, pulled out, 'bout to fell
Sunday in the ATL and I'm all outta ale
Like a bat out of hell, tripped on a cat tail
Mutt drinkin out a pail, who let the rat out the cell?
Got all the ingredients and recipe, might as well
Since last week, the bootlegger been in jail
If all else fail, inhale the L
Makin' sure they can't see your sale via snail mail
Mind like a sewer, servin' rhyme on a skewer
DOOM'll step to a fine dime like he knew her
"My black sister!" She said, "Step back!" before he kissed her
She did the dipper and the smack just missed her
There go a list of politics like Henry Kissinger
99% of rap's just a friendly listener
I'm like, "These dudes must have some screws loose to hate y'all"
Or a couple of ounces short of deuce-deuce or 8 Ball
Y'all know it's time for the end when the day come
Buy a album, get rudely insulted over fake drums
Same CDs you get for free, you break 'em
Wa-alaikum, make 'em eat they food like Steak-umm
Why she wanna ask me if I could pass the paprika?
One hand on the mic, the other on the beaker
Every week or so, peeked out the lab though, eureka!
A technique to keep somethin' uniquer in ya speaker
For yo' information, I didn't do the beat, y'all
It ain't my fault if she didn't move her feet at all
Skeeter, robbed Peter to pay Paul
So he could trick it on Mary so she can play ball
She better have my scrilla
Cut it out with all that funny hand jive, will ya?
All this trouble for a tall glass of Olde E
Drink it all fast and make you haul ass slowly
Remind me to remember what you told me
Holy moly, did you get a load of her roly-poly?
Yo, G, remind me to remember what you told me
Whoever don't feel him, feel balls like a goalie
One for the money, two for the better green
3,4-Methylenedioxymethamphetamine
Told the knock-kneed ghetto queen, "Get the head fiend"
Tell him it's for Medellin and use oxyacetylene
Who needs airplay? It's all just hearsay
Leave a wig like it was having a bad hair day
Miracle glide master, asked him what's his secret
He said Shasta and turned to formaldehyde faster
When I'm home with my lady, I try to duke her daily
One night, she tried to flail me with her ukulele
Pack your heat, the Villain on the cover of Black Beat
With a bunch of crackers and some snack meat
They better have my scrilla
Cut it out with all that funny hand jive, will ya?
All this trouble for a tall glass of Olde E
Drink it all fast and make you haul ass slowly
Remind me to remember what you told me
Holy moly, did you get a load of her roly-poly?
Yo, G, remind me to remember what you told meMmm, Ladies
My favorite ladies
Mary, you make me wanna eat you
Everytime I see you, it's like the first time I meet you
Fragrance like a flower, subtle and sweet too
Seductive and whatever, it might as well be seafood
Like my genie in a bottle
Miss could get me rich like a magazine-y model
Before you know it, he have her on a stroll
Fresh and ripe, complexion like Acapulco Gold
If I had to guess, just right, not a day old
Like a cradle robber, copped her off, shop a trailer-load 
Know the right number, you can get her
And hit it while you would've sold to the highest bidder, like
Fruits and berries, bring daddy loot in a hurry
Just be cute, and don't worry
Type to make a nigga hallucinate and admit it
Then she started losing weight and letting everybody hit it 
Unlike Ally 
Always kept me happy, never had a problem with her
She used to let me use her, back when I was looser
Respect her until to this day and never did abuse her
I told her I'll be faithful, but she don't believe me
I probably could've been, if I'd never meet Evie
She make me feel all fuzzy inside, it's loco
You won't get nowheres near her if you're broke though
Kept a shorty, man, find 'em much thinner
If caught, I get mad time just for touching her
Knock wood, so much for hymens
So fly, she should be in the sky with diamonds 
Little young thing, she liked to do the tongue thing
At times she would play hard to get, fronting
Or something, she made me feel like the number one king
Run into her now, and we still catch a fun fling
Met her out in Central Park--that's one sign
Had the God mentally sparked, reflecting sunshine
She said "you need to stop messing with that white girl
She fucking with your head and got your heart in a tight curl" 
We messed around once or twice, but she don't know me
She helped me get money at the dunce price OT
Plus she from Colombia, so she really Spanish
Cookie known to make a cat bank account vanish
And Miss Hazy, older woman, mature black
Everytime she sees me, I end up gettin towed back
All she want me to do is blaze it crazy
The only one complaint is that she make me too lazy
Sugar-mommy laced me with the butter navy Avi
Just her way to make up for the headaches that she gave me
It's all gravy, when I'm done getting my mack on
Ally is always there to help me get back on
Mmm, Ladies
My favorite ladiesIf you're waiting for a parade, there ain't none
Sharpen up your spirit of adventure, the fabulous gay way
Hey, what's the big idea? 
I have no ideas, in fact, I'm quite bewildered
Now don't get gay with me
Now listen and keep your shirt on
Grown men in a rubber suit, runnin' around with a young boy
Oh shoot, get a load of that fruit
In thigh-high boots, red tighty-whities and blue cat suit
 Even the rats know it’s tacky
"You ever see me slippin' like that bitch, just smack me"
Posin' Chester, legs open, couldn’t stand worse
All was missin' was a bandana and a man purse
Cryin', dyin', laughin' 'til glands burst
Faster than a speeding glass, bleeding-ass ran first
Fixin' baby hair, messed up wavy curl
Under the cape the back of the S say baby girl
The things some people‘ll do for fame
It’s an herb, it’s a lame, it's, a Goddamn shame
Villain willing when them cold streets call
You can keep your hero and hold the meatballs
Worthy title, lock it with pockets on empty
He work harder than a steam engine like John Henry
Turn dirt to dollars like Don Henley
Ugly and still get hollers like Ron Jeremy
At least monetarily terribly
MC's need therapy, it’s like a fairy spree
Hit him with a kryptonite brick 
Children come and prick his dead body with a stick
Wrote this lyric from in the bed with a chick
She had the tightest grip around the head of my
How much money you got?
I ain't got but four dollars on me
Damn
Anyway I don't got this whole  for ya
Shit, you must be some kind of faggot man
My partner a faggot, why don't you come on out here man?
Man, what the hell?
...Bic, now can I get my pen back
Got no enemy, got no friend, black
With the Green Goblin got the Batcave robbed
Bust in Batman’s head bobbin’, slobbin’ Robin’s knob
Y'all already got your belts on the floor so
Kick them shits over here and click off the porno
Alfred come home, and found them both naked
Handcuffed to each other just as he had suspected
Red and chrome Batmobile, wheelin‘ and dealin’
Aquaman's sleepin' with the fishes for real for squealin’
Psst! The lo-lo on a seal skin blazer
It’s just a little graze from a razor-thin laser
Amazed at all these so-called wannabe players
Showin' off they titballs to all the free-gayers
It’s like a leotard fest
How it got started is any retard's guess
Regardless, that’s they choice, no hate debate
Becomes a problem when they try an attempt to go straight
And raise the monster rate in the whole population
It’s starting to affect the super pimpin' occupation
Now who’s the hater? Headline the newspaper
Fate of a fake you out caped crusader
Tied to the tracks, make a damn tram derail
Rap is like scam spam Nigerian e-mail
The man with no beard is more weirder than a she-male
Sucker got bagged on a Temazepam street sale
Told 'em one of ours set it up, yeah doubt
Did it like the dirty drawls, wet ‘em up and air it out
You got any money? 
Listen, you got any money?
Man you goin' crazy? What the hell for?
Four dollars only, damn
Batman's gay Born like this, into this
As the chalk faces smile, as Mrs. Death laughs
As political landscapes dissolve
As the oily fish spit out their oily prey
We are born like this, into this
Into hospitals which are so expensive that it's cheaper to die
Into lawyers who charged so much, it's cheaper to plead guilty
Into a country where the jails are full and the madhouses closed
Into a place where the masses elevate fools into rich heroes
Born into this, walking and living through this
Dying because of this
Castrated, debauched, disinherited, because of this
The fingers reach toward an unresponsive God
The fingers reach for the bottle, the pill, the powder
We are born into this sorrowful deadliness
There will be open and unpunished murder in the streets
It will be guns and roving mobs, land will be useless
Food will become a diminishing return
Nuclear power will be taken over by the many
Explosions will continually shape the earth
Radiated men will eat the flesh of radiated men
The rotting bodies of men and animals stink in the dark wind
And there will be the most beautiful silence never heard
Born out of that, the sun hidden there
Awaiting the next chapter
DOOM from the realm of El Kulum, smelly gel fume
Separating cell womb to Melle Mel, boom
Revelations in Braille, respiration inhale, view
Nations fail and shaking of a snake tail make due
Blazing swords trace the haze, praise the Lord
Saving Grace, lace your broad, she say she bored
A crazy straw, ink and stale dry paraffin
Candy corn crap rappers pale by comparison
A bad samaritan averaging above average men
Rancid rants having rambling savages scavenging
For scraps, perhaps road kill if that
Gift of gab and he flowed ill, chrome stiff hat
Known for writing lightning tight lines, chiefin'
Beefin', being off deep ends, divine bright shines even
Dimes quiet as mimes by design mighty fine
Slight rewind, tightly bind, blind lead blind
Need mines now that was this is then, listening
To sizzling officialtons whispering, "Him again"
Metal Face Finster playing with the dirty money
Sinister, don't know what he saying but the words be funny
Major vet spaded through the vest with a bayonet
Save your breath, gave a F, pay your debt, they forget
Make her sweat bullets, crime pays no benefits
Then it gets wilder with more childisher degenerates
Three thousand years ago, Moses said:
"Every human being is responsible for his actions
Or thy being is still a beast, not yet human!"
You ought to let your uncle flow, my motorcyle trunk fulls
From two-one two-one, lose crumbs to trunks in bundles
Hands down, better than what your mans used to get
Standing around from where the translucent looses spit
Missing wheel, you don't listen, you're a feel head
Sitting in the kitchen pissing, twitching, kissing steel lead
Crime pays no dental nor medical
Unless you catch retirement, county, state or federal
You heard like roaring waters in a seashell
If a tree fell, you couldn't tell from three cell
Be real careful, they tell him by the earful
Kids doing skid bids, acting out is terrible
Word is bond, fix your clothes, put a shirt on
Pants sagging back when you used to meant you had a skirt on
Squirts posing as thuggers and hustlers
El Eloh closer then y'alls ball huggers and jugglers
Motherfuckers!
DOOM is transmitting a message to you
Super fools
I need to use more powerYou know when you're gonna come in?
Nobody will never ever, ever, really, really know
Because the more you know, the more you know that you don't know shit!
Niggas'll never run out of shit!
So much shit, so much scripts through here, niggas never run out of shit...
It's another roller coaster ride
Walk the path of Jesus, witness if Hell freezes
The mind teases reality, crack the pieces
Nothing eases; being chastise with blood baptize
Guys revise, acknowledge past lives
Statements will be made, acknowledge me 
My mind is Heaven's gate so enter me 
My mind is the gate to Hell, so try to flee 
Both gates look the same, which will it be?
Demons scream from thought process
Enter semen, child born, stress
Body want to sleep but the mind can't rest
Measure pleasure through financial progress
When it come to currency, love is nonexistent
Foes multiply, friends become so distant
Some hope you die, backstab in an instant
Foes I despise, disguised as allies
To sabotage, camouflage
Loyalty is lies
To see God, look into my eyes
To see the Devil, then you look into my eyes
Cause I'mma slow it up, speed it up, slow it up, speed it up
Metal Fingers feed beats, Grimm Reaper eat 'em up
Speed 'em up, slow 'em up, speed 'em up, slow it up
Brainsick, tick, tick, tick, MF blow it up
Slow it up, speed it up, slow it up, speed it up
Metal Fingers feed beats, Grimm Reaper eat it up
Speed it up, slow it up, speed it up, slow it up
Brainsick, tick, tick, tick, MF blow it up
Take air, compress it, bless it
Mix loops like Ku Klux
MF don't give two fucks
Nigga, quarterback blitz, popped, quickly fumble
Leave game with concussion, seeing stars and mumbles
This happens to any emcee that wants to rumble
Dynasties destroyed like Carringtons and Colbys
Noise, reduced, MF thinks in Dolby
Chop that ass in half like Obi-Wan Kenobi
Greatest of all time, God straight up told me
Greatest of all time, the Devil even told me
Icicles on surfaces of sun, we livin' coldly
Prophets be phony
And we attack, we switch like the Wu Tang symbol
Still kill Jack even though quick and nimble, plain and simple
Pick niggas off while they ballin'
And die old like Stalin
Yes, Death, I hear you callin', I accept collect
Human sacrifice, must pay respect
We catch reck, nigga, we catch reck
And... we gonna... gonna...
Cause I'mma slow it up, speed it up, slow it up, speed it up
Metal Fingers feed beats, Grimm Reaper eat 'em up
Speed 'em up, slow 'em up, speed 'em up, slow it up
Brainsick, tick, tick, tick, MF blow it up
Slow it up, speed it up, slow it up, speed it up
Metal Fingers feed beats, Grimm Reaper eat it up
Speed it up, slow it up, speed it up, slow it up
Brainsick, tick, tick, tick, MF blow it up
Boom
MF Grimm, MF DOOMGood evening, ladies and gentlemen
I'd like to thank you all for joining us this evening
Let me know if y'all with me, y'all
Just a couple of things I wanna say
I only play the games that I win at
And stay the same with more rhymes than there's ways to skin cats
As a matter of fact, let me rephrase:
With more rhymes than there's ways to fillet felines these days
Watch the path of the black one: Supervillian
He wrecks clubs for delf in a drunken stupor, chillin'
Ready and willin' to inadvertently foil that
Plan of any rhymer, whiner or spoiled brat
Who got more snottier flows than snotty nose?
And holds mics like he knows karate body blows?
Nobody knows the trouble I see
From the MPV fly dirty tailin' the eye bubble eye thirty
For the record; this is some shit I just thought of, y'all
Science fiction that's not admissible  in no court of law
I live to rock mics 3-D
The only reason I seek to stop—to snuff the TV
I heard beats, they sound like karaoke
With monkey rhymers on a leash like don't have this fairy choke me
Hit 'em with a penny so we can get these peanuts
And I thought we was nuts, I used to get free cuts
They locks Lex Luthor up in Green Haven
Since when a nigga never really been too clean shaven
Misbehavin' rap stars need Listamint
Call me Mista Bent
I'm at where your sister went
Intelligent, used to write and be well spoke
Now all a nigga wanna do is fight and sell—
—tell a joke
This could lead to catastrophe
'Bout to stop the violence right after these last of three
Shots from the black bat got me at headlock
Holdin' on to sanity, by strands of that dreadlock
She told me, "Get off," I said, "Bitch!
Let me set this shit off so I can get rich right quick"
Then it hit me like the point of intoxication
Nigga, come out and rock this nation like  ox defacin'
A lot of niggas out is rusty like oxidation
In this world's strangest, most dangerous occupation
But you could do it, you the Super like in your building
Villian like trife Kinder is in All My Children
Plottin' and it sure to pay ends
With some real mature womens, and more of they friends 
And when bad men roll tight, it's actual true
Like a pack of Big Bambú, with natural glue
Who grip necks of Becks to triple X?
He just came in 4-D: Follow the ripple effects
And it'll lead you right to him
Oh, snap!
It seems you walked into a trap, through rap
Zoinks!
This place is filled with pretender willies
One false move, and get broke off like end of Phillies
True believers
Ain't nothin new to a
Crook with special powers like how to tell the future uh-uh-
Rhyme of the month two page long
Bustin' off two gages with my cape on wrong
Son, it's on, remind me of a Raekwon tape song
With a fleet of super bad... Status: Rae Dawn Chong
Let me know if y'alls with me, y'all! 
National and geographic down to the titty-bar
Rep Monster Island City, y'all!
To all my brothers who is doin' unsettlin' bids
You could have got away with it if it was not for them
Meddlin' kids!
"Hey!"
"Hey!"Goddamn it
Super motherfucking villain goddamn it
About to get these millions, stacks and shit
Yo, his dip tried to tell him
Ooh, you're like the sun
Chasing all of the rain away
When you come around, you bring brighter days
She told him
You're the perfect one
For me and you forever will be
He told her
I will rock this microphone ... always!
I hold the mic, like niggas hold their girls tight
But I ain't after her, probably your Acura pearl white
The hooker? Nah, as many times as I done hit it
To be specific more times than dimes in a briz-nick
When you broke North, I crashed the barbecue like Riddick
At the Garden, true, that's the God in me, pardon you
Jeepers! I was tore back, the ho gained access to my beeper
Called back my secretary gatekeeper
Like I ain't peep her, I said, "Darling you was stupid though
You know the Super Villain,  ho"
I had this style ever since I was a child
I got this other style I ain't flip in a while, it goes
Pure scientific intelligence, with one point of relevance
Emcees whose styles need Velamints
And once the smoke clear, tell 'em it's
The Super motherfucking Villain, nigga came through raw like the elements
On 99 plus one of them
And with a flow to pull a fraud nigga file from out in front of him
When we with y'all, we had tons of fun
Me and my duns and them
Actual true and living sons of them
Dead planets and God-U's
Throwing divine rules to come through, we will over charge you's
Fool, and won't feel remorse for shit
Except for one time, once I had took my fronts out and lost them shits
Scientific going berserk like Red Alert
I really went to pick up wiznork for cheddar dirt
To fund these experiments is where I went
Obviously dead bent, and spent every red cent
To rule you, and still drop more jewels than schools do
Or even TV news that's designed to fool you 
Yeah you, who hear the most grimy suggestions
From brothers with fly names and I.D. questions
That's a Secret like Victoria teddy sets that's edible
Them's not ready yet for the incredible
Team of MC's who broke all fakes
Who thought they were slaughter proof
Stomping through like North Face waterproof
Tat-tat, that's the end of that
After hit the bar where baby girl bartender at
I told her more wine, mingling with no single mentions of
Stay tuned for more spine tingling adventures of ...I remember when, last past November when
Clown kid got pounded in with the Timberlands
They left him trembling, he was not remembering:
Never tuck your denim in just to floss an emblem
Some would debate, "Wait, the fella ate gelatin
Or he been listening in to what his weathermens was telling him"
When I could feel it in my melanin, it's compelling
Us to break them off, no reassembling
No science-fiction to no theater near you, coming soon to
Fuck with you frequently like how phases of the moon would do
You could gather 'round like it was an eclipse
Just don't look directly to the bitch, you may be blinded by the scripts
Pass the L, the last to tussle in them shirttails
All hail, King Geedorah, the third rail
700 volts holds rap to a standstill
Fool ignore the rule, fuck up and get his man killed
Two bottles of Dom got his hands filled
And so goes the days of our lives as the hourglass sand spill
And built with Passion and a glass of the 'Ze
And I knew it was the last day - Wig-Twisting Season
When some could get their wigs twisted back within reason
Mostly with these crimes of treason
And you'll be lucky if there's no squeezing even this evening
From how he's feeling, thrilling choice of flow is sick
He's the villain with the million dollar voice-throw trick
He's like a ventriloquist, with his fist in the speaker's back
Couldn't think of no uniquer track, nope, sneak attack
It don't really matter how big them is. So much as a nipple
Cause you could have a chick with D-Triple
'Cept the nipple little. Just hot off the griddle
Like how he do monkey rhymers, like Monkey-in-the-Middle by his damn self
Ain't no average MC ahead of me
Getting cheddar instead of the probably better pedigree
With nicknames, sick games as Rick James
Messy games, sci-fly such as Jesse James
Blast, I figure, ass-hawking ass titty licker
Last one to walk up in, fast-talking city slicker
Got bagged cause of the dirty chick with make-up
Bail out quick for the 7:30 wake-up
My only backup was an A-cup, as far as May
To when the leaves turn red and gold to Nimrod earthday
All else? Worthless to say
That's when I knew it was the first day - Wig-Twisting Season
When some could get their wigs twisted back within reasoning
Mostly with these crimes of treason men
And y'all be lucky if there's no squeezing even this evening
It's like a mosquito, the much sweeter resent the act
I been bent back since my Physical went back
Since, Cultured more of my kin
And for them I keep an L rolled in this hellhole
Hold your head, use your head and hold, or be dead and cold
In the worsest way, soon as the leaves show red and gold
To 'round Nimrod release day
And all else? Needless to say
Wait a motherfucking minute! True facts presented
The names was probably changed just to protect who ain't in it
The XP was three-quarters tinted, 4/5ths was converted
The way his shit was twisted? Ask him if it hurted
Wig-Twisting Season
When some could get their wigs twisted back within reasoning
Mostly with these crimes of lying, and fronting, and cheating
All types of different styles of treasonAs the life cycle goes on ... goes on
And you learn to hold on 
To things like the mic ... the mic
And you learn to appreciate who is the nicest on said device
But who is 
Tommy Tashuma, too much drama, blind behind the rumor
Time and time and time, my mind, I'm trying to find a tumor
Tommy Tashuma, no time for humor
As soon as one of ya' men's dead in Hempstead, you trying to find Pumas
Sooner the better, even knitted a sweater already
Keep your leather, we coming through the brutal weather
We ready to do whatever, yo' Doom you with it?
You know it like a poet, my brother
Hey, Gunn you wit it? Whatever... 
I know about going paid to broke, to next day well-off
To bust a shell off, to dick-riders: "Get the hell off"
Made a call to a client, he must've had his cell off
A show-off, he has the same bike Puff fell off
I tell off the bat, from science to pure facts
Which niggas is wack 'til they last two tracks
Matter fact, y'all could wait for the rep to tell
The tall-tale, how he escape from out the depths of hell
When die, he gon' die like a soldier die:
Holding a swollen eye, drinking Olde Gold
Smoking a stog, watching po-po patrol the beach
Blowing my high, rolling by, when Gunn die
He gon' try to preach the streets then go to the sky
Yup! That hold water, like drizzle in a paper cup
This one etched in stone, the chisel with the paper up
I need a cut: a taper-up, edge-up
Niggas can't measure up, I'm here to get the treasure up
Stands up and hold 'em high, do or die
He got heat, no surprise, stop the beat, close your eyes
Got the weed, rolling lah
Not sweet, so no demise, all the guys drops seeds so multiply
Within the prophecies hold the lie
He bled my mother and my father, but can't bleed me, OD
Ghetto misery, he bled my brother, my sister, but can't bleed me
A OG, ghetto misery, bled my mother, my father, but can't bleed me
Sci-Fly, whole style stuck up
Used to talk to myself, I told him, "Shut the fuck up!"
Buckle up, cause it's about to be rough
He said, "Keep talking that shit, you 'bout to be snuffed"
Then we squashed it, I let em know: "Watch it --
We only met a time to join these rhymers in the mosh pit"
Gosh, it feels great just to increase the chance
For a pussy nigga face to hit the dance floor
I pull ya' top up, got clout, crack rock, what?
Now it's all good business, and so this bitch is locked up
On the dance floor: you got knocked out, your bitch got knocked up
Baby-face, and hey can you brand you, brand new machete
Damn, I just shook your hand and can't stand you already
Can't stand you, understand you deadly
But my hammer's like a band, my man, it's Brand New and Heavy
Yo' Doom, you ready?
Yeah! Yo' Gunn, you with it?
Whatever
Come on stay, I wrote this rhyme on my born-day
Remind me of the same style I flipped on "Hey!"
Yikes! Who can fuck with the likes
Of one such who scores touchdown and spikes mic's
Metal grill, with many styles, better still
Feel like number 26 on a roulette wheel
And deal, and run rings around rhymers
And run rings like number runners whose old-timers
Shorty in the all black, she think she all that
I called her, she said, "Don't call back!"
She called me, now what you call that?
Let's go back, I sold crack
Hold gats, smoke that, drink that, toke that
Fuck! Where that ho at? Where that dough at?
Suffering succotash! This hooker broke into his last buck of cash
He love her, motherfuck her ass
Metal feet dented your car fender
My agenda up in the basement party tipping the bartender
Is unbeknownst to you -- who could get body blown?
MF like Mike Fran Corleone
And got it sown, maricon, like to know what you staring at?
An invisible cat, who pull off a disappearing act
Raised by a pack a wild womens like Sweetback
Front? I'mma be back! 
Like niggas in the streets act 
Of black misery
The finestThings take a turn for the worse
Send him back where he came from
We got shots fired down the street
Ba-di-yahhhh
Alright, steady
Ba-di-yah, ba-di-yah
Absolute power corrupts absolutely
If they get the Villain surrounded then 
Good to the last drop niglets
Hood 'til the blast pop them bigot-ass piglets
Go for the bosses' dicks or higher
Beatwalkers still get caught up in the crossfire
Get at the sarge, he give the orders
The rest of them punks'll quit the force or get slaughtered
Use stealth, play alleys, jet
We'd rather not alert them nosy Federales, yet
Keep the local random cases in each state
Escape to the beaches for the season and be straight
You on call, keep your Nikes on tight, no white
Anybody tell get lighted on sight
The ringer's on a need-to-know basis
No persons, places, things and no faces
Get bagged, you're on your own, acted alone
\Back home, your fam'll be provided for while you're gone
It's a price on all snitches
If you nice, bring back eyes, fingers, toes and pictures
Send copies to those who singin' the blues
Mothers and fathers who's unjustly accused
Our species is in danger
Wear gloves and strike in a city where you a stranger
That'll let them fools know
And send them a message, let them P.O.W.'s go
Absolute power corrupts absolutely
Now you have your orders, do your duty
A new way to let the shots spray
A few drops a day, double espresso, D.A. latte
No smell nor taste, hardly traceable
Wait to waste a prosecutor paid to get the case pulled
Learn 'em a lesson for givin' bros mad stretches
A long list of C.O.'s names and addresses
A fake judge with many years on the bench
That sent some good cats to the chair, was aired in a trench
They say her tongue was teared out, smeared and drenched
The whole system scared in doubt with a fear stench
And she was tortured, some say post-mortem
The suspect took his own life before they caught him
It's real spooky like a real trife movie
Remember the part when Terminator killed Tookie
Absolute power corrupts absolutely
If they get the Villain surrounded, son, then shit
Shed blood, some'll be shooken
Just look with they head in the mud, red flood 
One of the things we ran into the unknown
We we couldn't get at the door pulled as quick as we wanted to
And once we did, finally pull the door and breach the interior door
There's a man trapped inside of it
Basically that man trap is a cage
'Fore we run in, we're stuck in there and they can shoot us
While we're just, we're stuck in a cageMmmm!
The flow is toe in, precision as an afro trim
All big letters but isn't no acronym
Smack the thin grin off a chin for crack smoking
DDT the first bar, leave this track back broken
Chrome grown men doing business with Anglo-Sax and them
Lacking swing but that banjo's so relaxing
As the wax spin, hacking axes in the wind
Pretend it's just a pen, see if you can pencil 'em in
Tense, mention men of honor fenced in
Census is tens, the wheels fall off then it's the end
Don't get keelhauled in
Villain always been, feel real genuine ballskin
Not to call the whole crowd out
It's just a few chumps, and you know who you are like a shoutout
Place 'em in your loud mouth and taste 'em like a pastry
Waste of space face hastily bow out gracefully
Disappear, reappear and disappear again
Villain not his hair, he's no Afro-American
If that's the case, he'd be a bald-headed African
Taking all the credit and jetted, astro travelling
Turn a man into a mannequin for AFLAC'n
And being tough actin' Tinactin bluff jacking
He wears a mask so when he dogs his face
Each and every race, could absorb the bass
In the place to be, don't believe the hyperbole
It's like a murder spree, get sniped verbally
Or beat in the head with lead pipe languages
For street cred, leave him for dead in anguishments
The slang suggest it was the guy in the glasses
Who came to help the people with they minds and they asses
You set trip and get a grip like Spalding
These walls is thin, feel genuine ballskinBig up all the Monsta Island massive
And beware before I triple dare you like the last kid
Who asked me what we don't got that you got son
For one flow that's elementary, my dear Watson
Secondly, ever since I was little
Not so much to riddle, least rhyme to the syllable
Keep tracks that make a Arab thief clap
With no hands, I chopped these drums off, truly yours, G Rap
Actual fact, relax
In this land of lyrical lost, black, I'm not the cool sleestak
The one who might stop and talk to you
Poisoned a few, niggas who be biting styles I'm like pork too
Ooh, what you got to lose? Let mud fly
When I got blues I chew whole crews that's bud dry
So I ask why the styes from the cess
Shit be fucking with my eye as I pull it to the chest
The super motherfucking villain grip the mic with an iron hand
Throwing MCs to the fire from out the frying pan
It ain't no use in trying, man, son stop crying
Fronting like you death-defying, you need to stop lying
Speak your piece only once you're spoken to first
Now let me hear your verse while I'm choking you
With well refined rhymes like a editor
Throw them to my collections of skulls and spines like Predator
Fuck around, the only niggas who could hear the same sound  was Jet Jaguar and James Brown
Ain't you glad I took the time to write their names down to big 'em up 
I'd like to say, "Hi, it's Sci.Fly the odd Merlin"
That's quick to whip up a script like Rod Serling
Who eye on bad bitch who used to whip the Sterling
Who see God toke but never see God hurlin'
My man Grimm had his little monkey like Space Ghost
Me myself I got flavors that out-taste most
With numb gums, some rhymers is lactose
Back to you MF DOOM, you late show host
S to the U to the P E R-uh
Who chronicle these times in a 3D horror
Thriller porno co-starrer in a realer drama
Who break bread with stingy kin-men, indian borrower
Lone gunman who candidly flip fly flows
Single-handedly with one eye closed
In a fly pose, no shirt Alayé
May see me stack the quarter-mill cash pay
That's that n a smash way how he did it
Motherfucker probably couldn't peep it past a minute
Exquisite scripts, that quick shit, go with flow
That's how we do it thoughWho you think I am, but who you want me to be?
When I rock, jock niggas in shellshock
Don't watch the birdie watch the clock go tick tock
I rip shop, I make ya girls bottom lip drop
Yo word to the truckers at the pit stop I'm hip hop
I hold heat, never forget what niggas told me, they showed me
Other emcees trying to fold, me they owe me
Yo, plus them niggas mad slow G
I got my "Get U Now," so I'm comin with my homie
Here's the plan; stick 'em up, I enter, through the window
Stoop down so we can't see our crescendo
Pass the indo, yo we used to be our friend though
Yeah but thats the reason I don't really like to lend dough
From the corners cylindrical triangle hats
Says dunce. Lyrics precise like forensical science leave you entangled for months
Tryin' to figure who done it, you fronted
Got cha shit stunted, didn't have to be that way
Some saw the light comin' in, they shunned it
For the wickedness to those whose despise life and worship death
The established matched at eye for eye, tooth for tooth, breath to breath
These are the last days of the countdown, shit is just that drastic
Write journals, like they use the prophets, study math like a Aztec
Loved not for who you think I am, but who you want me to be
A true thuggin emcee, true thugs, with no strings attached
I wanna give you my slugs and don't wanna take em
Box sprays, but with my box cutter in my boxes
Shots sprayed, who on cops high says we rastas
Rock away boulevard, got love and obnoxious
Bout five cops today, my rock away
Niggas and rock rage, got paid
A rock, you know why I rock, meet me at the Lobster's
I suggest I should dress proper
Copped a buzz, I copped a dutch
I got a lotta love, with no strings attached
Rhymes, rhymes, rhymes, we got plenty
Dimes, dimes, dimes, too many
Sparked up and chat, you keep countin
I do my thing, jealous niggas keep doubtin
Rock 'n' roll, lock 'n' load
Emcees out for pots of gold, we stop 'em cold
In they tracks an take all they chips-eses
All they dats, all they bullshit mixeses
Give 'em a credit, not debt it
We just flipped the calistetic
Toss the Andy Pettitte, you said it
We grandslam in the never boss stand
Any pussy emcee's we abandon
Flew in from Monster Island just to rag shit wit jet lag
With brothers specializin ways how us not to get bagged
Egads! I bring confusion like roll call
To emcees so-called, hoes be like "yup I told y'all"
So socialize my bio so I dip dip dive
Memorize like I-omega zip drive
Go to the bar to drink to get soberer
King Geedorah eat the head of a king cobra like ginkoba
Kong get a cut like Kobe, now hold heat
So sweet, roll deep but no beef
Those that doze deep, close sheets
Po chose to speak with, reach over to reload the piece
Slip from freak to deak, keep concrete
Parallel to body til the next male
Shotties and hotty, still waitin to exhale
Smell the blood bath a slug's caught
Slugs passed and bloodsport
Bugged laugh, a bugged thought
Caught some eyes make the case last stack a locker
Bocker, drink a vodka, hit note, like Sinatra at a opera
Drop a flocker, Orville Redenbacher
Get you, got you, shot the two L's without the proper
For the albums knocker
Hit the liquor, quicker than a quicker picker upper
Girl and stick er, I leave more nuts than a snicker
Kick er to the curb, punk a bitch, stomp a chick
For now call me Kong, Monster Isle, Monster Click 
Loved not for who you think I am, but who you want me to be
True thuggin emcee, true thugs, with no strings attached
I wanna give you my slugs, and don't wanna take 'em backChain-smoking beedies 'til his brain's broken completely
Get back on his feet, work out and eat some Wheaties
Greedy for the cheese, please, most couldn't fathom
Had him in the cobra clutch, when he spat the mad hymn
Gems, collection of brrrats Timbs and hats
Had no time for the pitty-pat, I'll give him that
The rhythm hit him back with a right hook
Shook it off, caught a shiner, thought it was an aight look
Depends on the shades
The end of days fades, pretenders lay
In dazes on stages, DOO-Malaise
Eat it up, microphone, microwave mayonnaise
His own way was strange but it matters not
Tuned into a frequency tone that shattered rock
Hold it down like Shatner do Spock
Rapper jocks need to put a sock their chatterbox
The block got light of Vioxx stock
Folks gather round, it's no joke like "Knock, knock"
It's them, they came home to roost y'all
And watch 'em transform the game to the rules of foosball
She's too small, any questions?
Him could squeeze blood from a penny in the recession
Keep guessing, it gets deeper than depression
The power of suggestion wake a sleeper, peep the lesson
Dig that beat
Ripped it with Metal Fingers and stomped it with big fat feet
And you know what they say, cut the hay
Resistance is futile, you will be assimilated, but today
It's all grey, metallic with a ruby stone
Rude like the type of dude you could write a movie on
Hardcore porn, did his own stunts
Writ his own rhymes and split his own blunts
Once, in a while, every other minute
Eyes pop out, Popeye, heavy on the spinach
Steady on his business and ready with an ill pitch
Keeps a bad bilznitch like Denny Kucimilznitch
No hitch, just a shit-load of spit and sneeze
Strictly G stacking up off a rack of hidden fees
Rap is like the gay club strip tease
With hippies on the yip saying "Hey bub, grip these"
They screaming for attention
Beaming at the mention of a scary demon convention
You could cut the tension with a switchblade
And serve it on the same plate of hors d'oeuvres a witch made
Filleted, persuaded the chambermaid
To bet her paycheck on a get-naked game of spades
Straight up, no chaser, no layaways
Caution, faint taste of microwave mayonnaise
Doom has taken over every continent"Break out the fine—"
"Villain!"
I warm it up like Kane in his prime
Fuck with us, you insane in the mind
You cowards way out of line
Money talk, boy you wastin' my time
You don't want to put the work in
You just want a taste of the shine
Real talk, so it's hard to trust
I'm in it for the long ride, like I drive a charter bus
Scars and blood, from the deadly bars I bust
In Czar we trust, the army buy they bombs off us
Blog about it naysayer, you can hardly doubt it
Who's the best? Who's the worst? We could argue hours
Runnin' through soldier field, I'm Jordan Howard
Nowadays they respect money more than power
Money, power, respect, we all want some
I ain't waitin', I needed it, one lump sum
Made men trade hands with young guns
They stopped manufacturin' the cloth that I'm cut from
I be laughin' at the beef as though I'm body-shamin' exes
Only time you set-trip is when you binge on Netflix
Reckless, runnin' up like, "Eso, listen please"
Alright I like the beat except the snare, kick and keys
Geez, I teach but I kill them when the class on
So I got no pupils like Spidey with the mask on
Generally speaking, each rhyme is five star
Split personality, I ride with a side car
I can't think of the rhyme, it must be misplaced
It's on the tip of my tongue like Stan Smith's face
Hold on - hmm, something 'bout a fly sound
And how you got no bars like a dry town, so pipe down
The beat bumps like bad skin
"Captain gonna teach stuff", shout to Kraglin that's the line, yo
Let the mind take you where the cameras can't
It's very necessary like a Q-Tip Grammy rant
Due to jet lag, good afternoon or is that night?
Militants speak proper, some airheads said he act white
Catch flight, bread good so he tends to pack light
Got jokes, but usually don't engage in no snap fight
Could be considered a waste confrontin' snakes on the back bite
Detrimental to culture that they lack sight, ass-wipe
Catch him on stage, mad hype, with a trashed mic
Month later, in the gutter, glass pipe and a flashlight
Lookin' 'round for something, he still scurry
Bewilder, incite riots, the mind's gone blurry
There wasn't really shit to say, much to they chagrin or dismay
The licks had 'em on the ropes, then he made a big mistake and hit the hay
Went home and hit the day
Burn the midnight oil and freak the shit a different way
Disaster, time is a component
Settin' fire to rappers in a monumental moment
And the game's potent, it's like a never-ending quotient
A minute ago it was smiles and hugs, now where the fuck the dough went?
He so bent it's like he set the shit straight again
Bombs fittin' to drop and he ain't even close to sayin' when
 Nothin' ever stolen
Was given as a blessin', think the Universe owe him
Got faith in the vessel but know when to keep rowin'
Yeah and get up out your own way when deliverin' a poem
Those who think they do, don't know him
No different than a squad of birds ready to blow him
Sorry Charlie, get back up on your Harley
Win, lose or draw, plus beat you at Atari
Drop they ass deep in some far-off Safari
And prob'ly even got the answer to, "Who the hell are we?"
Metal Face squad drone, tell the real ones, "Shalom"
In a calm tone, bomb thrownYeah, that's right
It's not a Hardy Boy mystery neither
This is real shit
This shit come on right after Hart to Hart y'all
No doubt, seven o'clock Fantasy Island
This episode is "Death to a Brooklyn Man"
And this is Tony's Angels, aiyyo
It was three white bitches who worked for Toney Starks
Undercover agents, far beyond narcs
Amazed by their beauty marks, Wonder Woman bracelets
Knee-high boots that was made by Clarks
My dick got hard at how they spoke and shit
Every language was music to the kid as if
I was modern day King Midas
Doreen, Skye and Kelly, Starky's Angels, Shaolin's finest
Though it happened in the streets of Brooklyn
Plus I played the whip real low cause my face was woofin'
My Angels jetted out of Albee Square, gun out, wrap in their hair
Kinda crowded so they clapped in the air
Chased a nigga down block for block, squeezing Glocks
These mommies real angels, took one off his top
He's a rapist, murderer, convict, burglar
The more they ran, the more their skirts got dirtier
Sending shots like check day, FedEx expressway
Boom bow bing, you heard the gunplay
"Who shot that duck out the window", Mr. Lee said
"Three pay now, you fucking weed head"
We can stop the finest suspect, he's dead
Then I pulled up, "Come on girls to Club Med"
Stay tuned for the conclusion
Three's Company: "Family Jewels"
Two brown sisters assisted the Villain, DOOM
He woke up stoked like they was still in the room
Freed his right arm and leg, it was more like a sweep
Release his other leg, arm, head and rose to his feet
Staggering except for the socks and mask, naked
Threw on the boxers, searching for the Treo, checkin'
For the keys, the dough, a robbery expected
Yet nothing obvious was missing, recollected
Now why Hollywood hotties stepped in Giuseppe Zanotti's
Personnel nurses, Chanel purses, CLK shottie
Chasing Patrice with Thai iced teas
She drive while nice to veggie fried rice spicy
Told them both, "I don't feel so well, my belly
Spin me down Melrose, drive me to the telly
Y'all go head and get the dutches, be back, copy"
Feeling woozy, no uzi, who's he see in the lobby
 Peace, pizza man  stopped and looked
Whoops, left the knot in her pocket book
Wasn't the juks but too careless fearless
Got to the room and fell flat out on the terrace
The question remains who bound and gagged him
That's when they found the empty pack of black Magnum
Villains skied a gram on the street, fifty G
The part of Mr. Roper was played by Mr. T
I'm Mr. T, fuck Charlie
Like I was sayin'  I'm Mr. T
Kelly, you gon' give me some pussy?
You know what you gon' do 
You too Dorine, your little fat ass can't get away neither and shit
Kristy was brown-skinned
Uh-huh, that's right, yeah I'ma call them Theodore niggas
SWAT team on alert and shit
Uh-huh, yeah, that's right, Skye you can't hide baby
You got the best head nigga, word up
The mask was chromed out
This real Angel shit, y'all my bitches
Toney Bosley in this bitch, nigga
Word up, gimme back my boots
Theodore!More rhymin', pure diamond, tore hymen, poor timing
Raw lining, Paul Simon touring, I'm in
Boring typing, snoring pipe when hyper than four hypemen
Excited writing, trifling times ten
Long stay, songs play, gone haywire, wrong way
On the interstate, integrate all day
It's just a small phase, that's what them all say
Then fall prey in a mini-mall hallway
Meant to be sold, not told to friendly enemies
Remember these intentionally, empathy please
Silent moment, violent prone atonement
Miles a minute on a microphone, own rent, loan spent
No debt, has bet, fast get, cash jet
Master McSmash, Asterix stashed it last
Not least, pass the pot of hot grease
Geese shot, not easily spotted plot, cease snot release
Hold your insulting tongue and mark his words well
Or end up to the curb and shocked by third rail
Get the message by bird mail or turds flail
Villain man, best nerd male you heard wail
An absurd tale of books, nooks and crannies
Before she look, he have his fancy hooks in them granny panties
Or plan B, when in Rome, go back home
And get real dome from a well-known crack gnome
He talk to himself when he need someone to hate on
The black McCain campaign, negative debate-a-thon
Gone wrong on the song
Who's zooming who? Knew it was you DOOM all along
Ever since he first started the art, it's been worth it
Soon to charter a stint on part of the Chitlin' Circuit
Word kid, get your ticket from the telepath
"Wicked, wicked, wicked" on electroencephalograph
Villain, nice to meet you
{​​*snore*}​​ You born like this?Phantoms, eerie tales of suspense
Yeah, just a phantom anthem
Traveled in a trio, or maybe just abandoned
It's random, found one, take your grandson for ransom
Got 'im with his hands all in the cookie jar
Playin' hooky, gettin' drunk, later on, took your car
Soul Of Mischief: Til infinity, got a bone to pick
And the phantom will forever remain on your shit list
The other one give good advice, well dressed, real nice
Knows your worth, sets the price, keep you out the hood for life
Think that would suffice, but really it's just the beginnin'
Third one got you drunk and high, runnin' round here chasin' women
Wife wonder how you diss fam and disgrace your children
Dudes is wired like that, it's still an all-case buildin'
Drats and double-tracks, shorties with the bubble fats
Ay caramba, trouble jack, phantom steal another track
Bet your life, double that, think you havin' fun in fact
Slip her one too many times, may not be no coming back
 Never let it happen
Lose your phone, tell side-chick, "Get to packin'"
Other phantom write it all down and get to rappin'
I fought a ghost in my apartment, he had too many hitpoints
He bested me and told me I should've invested in Bitcoin
And then he lit joints and offered me a Fanta can
He drove a Phantom then he started singing Phantogram
Well damn, I'm like, "Isn't this convenient?"
It didn't take a genius to sniff it as somethin' fiendish
He introduced himself and said, "What's your name?"
For the next four days, we played the exquisite corpse game
I sold my soul to 'im for some new hightops
Told The Phantom guide my hand and I drew Cyclops
Best wrestlers get possessed to do high spots
Hey, I stay toasty at Smoke and Noob Saibot, yeah
My man was kinda the best ghost
He gifted me a new rap book that's prob'ly ya Death Note
He was the homie though, we shared the same virtues
He showed me his soul once now I only wear church shoes
Turned out he wasn't dead, just very fatigued
My apologies, I buried the lede
I'm real bad at tellin' stories y'all, prob'ly shoulda
Told y'all from the beginning that he wasn't, he wasn't really dead
Why do these phantoms always wind up haunting me? Yeah
Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why?
Why do these phantoms always wind up haunting me? Yeah 
Phantoms, phantoms, phantoms, phantoms
Phantoms, phantoms, me, yeah 
Why do these phantoms always wind up haunting me? Yeah
Phantoms, phantoms, phantoms, phantoms
Phantoms, phantoms, haunt-haunt-haunt-haunt
Yo, I used to hop the 3 train, always out for more wax
Smoke blunts with danger, trouble at my doorstep
Stared death in the face, left him with a sore neck
The Devil himself can't resist the raw dialect
Clashed with the titans, robbed stores with Lucifer
Seduced a temptress, threesome with Medusa
The phantoms, they surround me like Dolby sound
Like they seen a live nigga in a ghost town
Never was afraid of the dark, I was goodie man
I learned early, the boogeyman is fam
They say I'm evil, and my mind is twisted
I say I'm godly, my lines is wicked
Haley Joel Osment, I see fake niggas
Gravediggers, goons, trolls, shapeshifters
I always feel like somebody watchin' me
Slayin' demons on the reg, shotgun with Constantine
Fuck a phantom, I'm fed up with phony fantasies
Fake fugazi fantasies fam, we far from family
Foes feelin' free to forge with fetti and fame
They fabricated, fascinating like a Frank Frazetta frame
Fools falsify facts, friends figure it's fine
They fail to, fix the fraudulent and formulate a Frankenstein
For real, your focus fuzzy like footage of The Flash
Or the first pharoah fossil found, fetch a flask
Force it  down fast, cause flood's in the forecast
You don't know a fraction, forget the half
Follow, your financial future's finished
Phantom's got you free-fallin' for females and fish for the fictitious
Why do these phantoms always wind up haunting me? Yeah
Phantoms, phantoms, phantoms, phantoms
Phantoms, phantoms, me, yeah
Why do these phantoms always wind up haunting me? Yeah
Phantoms, phantoms, phantoms, phantoms 
Phantoms, phantoms, haunt-haunt-haunt-haunt 
Phantoms, phantoms, phantoms, phantoms
Phantoms, phantoms, haunt-haunt-haunt-haunt-haunt-haunt-haunt-hauntFeel the magnetism between us 
Growing stronger and stronger 
Why don't we do it? 
I was in a case out of state
She was thirteen and good, we had a hotter date
It was just a number, she never told she was knocked up
By the end of the summer chick almost had me locked up
My aunt came and got me, and steadied the block
We bounced to the yeti, and I'm ready to rock
With no attachments, feelin a little loose
Blowin up in every spot, we had a little juice
Probably the Dom or the Afghani bud in me
We played the stage standin by the speaker and suddenly...
Who tapped me? I'm bout to get real ill
Already ripped the whole club with Metal Face's steel wheel
What a sweet surprise her with the fly eyes
And fine, she pulled me to the sidelines
The mystery shot up with strong words
She was an intelligent wisdom and a songbird
I met her last week at the same place
She stepped to me, the same way at a no shame pace
I'm off guard, her game had me choked up
Checkin me, play testin me, till I spoked up
Seven whole days and nights and not a word from you 
I was worried, I thought I woulda heard from
Stranger, you know I never get enough of you
How you be comin through...
Myself and two a alikes had ran through this crew of three
In my earlier days they showed me things new to me
So we knew mad brothers who they had hit off
They even used to watch each other just to rock they shit off
When slovenly two smile and I'm scopin her
Switchin off three times a night made them more opener
So you could love Allah, or leave him the hell alone
Message from my godfather, solid gold telephone
Many of my men went up in smoke
While trickin with these chickens, and ended up broke
You find out who's ya mans when you broke
Like a bad joke, it's funny, when you on you got mad folk
I played the middle man in every little scam
Some as complex as a hip hop album riddle jam
I find it's quite intriguing as I think about rappers
Walk upon me speaking with they stinkin mouth 
About this and that from sneakers to hats to gats
Freak chicks with the cooty cat raps
And it's that cool the dice at that
I'm at a black tie affair with a diva with the fatty fat
I play the back, steady on the humble
But be right up front when we get ready to rumble
I gave her breath control, ask her who she learned off
Coulda took her back to the crib, somehow was turned off
Me and you... was overdue
From gettin together baby
I always knew our love was meant to be
Feel the magnetism between us 
Growing stronger and stronger 
Why don't we do itWhat is the magic that makes one's eyes
Sparkle and gleam, light up the skies?
The name of the game is lightworks
I see you're peein' in your pants little sissy boy
Jerks, welcome to the Octagon
Lay a player flat before the trainer felt his clock was on
Keep your socks torn, it's a box-a-thon
With hard rock Black, Rock & Ron's goin' Barbizon
Curled up beggin, layin on the canvas
Instead of in the ready position like praying mantis
Scissors, Lanvis, grand fist sandwich
Stance switch, slammed on, stitches twitch, hands itch
Damn snitch, any street corner
Could be the platform 'til we defeat, gone and wander
Watch your mouth jaw, southpaw, outs floor
Doubt your clout more, bout roar, outscore, boy
Off the leash like UFC
Off the beat, off ya feet like two lefties
FUB's, heffer please
Lost a few to stew beef, new referees
What a remarkable team, show your teeth
The shine that sparkles and gleams
Light up the skies
The name of the game is the lightworks
Light up the spliffs
The name of the game is lightworks
Wipe off slight smirks
The match was mapped out
Get jabbed and crap-slapped out, tapped out
Either the lunch bin or choke hold time
Munchkins get punched in like vocal rhyme
The shine that sparkles and gleams
Light up the skies
The name of the game is the lightworks
Light up the spliffs
The name of the game is lightworks
The right hurts
Universal beatdown!M-O-N-E-Y
Never did a thing for L-O-V-I-N
Never understand what people's heads are in
Ask me what I need
A fly tramp, that's what she called me
Cause I don't wear no Stetson hats like Paul C
As y'all see, who give a fuck? Who know what is it?
These styles will be flipped to the absolute exquisite
It's like a blizzard, soon as I got home from ATL
Looked into my baby's face, my boo was like ... "Well!
I know your types of clientele! Thoughts, needs"
As I held her firmly, yet gentle as the soft sea
She said, "The one with the horse weave? The pretty one?
All crazy, had to touch the tattoo through the short sleeve
Which one you want?" I'm like, "If there was comp?
Fuck around, a nigga like me probably run up in all three!"
King Geedorah what they call me, either caesar or baldy
Probably have moved since last y'all saw me
On the D-low, I slaughter solo emcees, they paper-thin
In they Polo, Nautica, or DK men
Amen! It's funny how significance make a difference
Notice parables of three in every other inference
For instance: "Who wanna battle? On the real?
Choose your weapon: microphone, beats, or the wheels-of-steel"
I own a crown in all three for getting down without a doubt
I'd like to give a extra special out to Jet Jaguar, the sun, moon and star
The Monster Island Czars - y'all know who you are
Get that!
M-O-N-E-Y
Never did a thing for L-O-V-I-N
Coming straight from the black lungs
I rip tracks for all players that pack guns
Stack ones in packs, done and doing back-to-back runs
To my peeps that close, so's ya' knows what's up
Y'all know the dough's quick, hoes that mess with 5-O shrimp like, "What?"
Like they wanna shmoosh us, just to packing the pushers
I'm packing gat then bust a cap at po-po
If they catch us and try to push us
Since when a MINY nigga don't be taking no shit?
I be that drug dealing nigga that be fucking ya' bitch!
What a fella! Like Salt, Pepa, Spinderella
I came to spark the deaf, dumb and blind like Helen Keller
If I'm not with George of the Jungle, if he not with Stella
Or either Priscilla, I'm doing dips on Godzilla
Though y'all know he don't play, right?
TNT throws a nigga out a moving van in broad daylight
And he was shackled by hands and feet
Then they say he tried to escape, once his face scraped the concrete
Near the curb on Monster Island, 103 Street
Where brothers run the risk of getting swallowed once the Beast eat
I'd rather lay in the cut, collect cash pay
Only TNT I see is Gilligan's castaway
With Mary Jane and Ginger
Oh, from which you spent the night by accident, I creep like a ninja
When the mack is bent, who can give one fuck?
Get bucked, get broke up like three-piece nun-chucks
Y'all sun struck, sick to they head-piece
Three-headed beast brings the drama to a dead cease
Sick to they head-piece
Greenbacks ... the meanest green stacks
M-O-N-E-Y
Never did a thing for L-O-V-I-N
Never
Ask me what I need, I need your
M-O-N-E-YTo my Metal Face bros with stomachs of cast iron
Who been in to win and blast to the last siren
On the slow-mo the calm artist with the so-so chick
Chased them all like how he did to Slobodan Milosevic
Anyhoo, how 'bout them Yankees?
Once I leave off-stage the party people thanks mee's
If I may speak freely nasty like the freaky-deeky
At your local sleazy speakeasy
For any fan of the limelight
In the mic stand was left a lit stick of dynamite
It's risky business like hand-to-hand crack sale
With rappers who's better off on the cover of Black Tail
Jumpin Jehoshaphat, who's that?
Who cats who do magic be like "Tell me how you do's that"
Heck no, especially those who cop pleas like gecko
Thought I might do techno
Ha ha, betcha bust out laughing at the vet
For no reason he get cussed out like Tourette's
Yet tight flow to make her bad ass stutter
Or even crack a smile from a mad fast cutter
But uh... word play since third grade age
Back when we used to play "Bang! Open bird cage"
Hip hop Benny Hill, Sip Henny straight
Get every penny, wait, then he chill, at any rate
My metal face hoes with tongue or 'least eye ring
Do yourself, I will continue to do my thing
Like Kung-Fu fighting everybody was biting
Then the super-villain struck again like lightning
In the same spot  now what's the chance of that?
And a name drop like pick the name out the hat
That's a known drop from the, liver conniver
Who vote player out the rap game like Survive while I
Drop degrees like a nerd cat wheeling ten speed
So way back spin your back and then freeze
While I play high-ball, low-ball, to zero
So called rhymers, go call Cleo
While I, steal the show like "thought so, try hikin"
Super-duper stars need Ortho Tri-Cyclen
Sometimes the men, mostly from the women
I hear voices saying that's the super-villain
Mostly from the women, I hear voices... super-villainLive in stereo!
Yessir! This what I wanna hear my nigga, yeah
Yeah yeah 
You don't even know that's the official word up in the town
You heard?  hahaha 
Get that swing  get it in man 
That's the official shit kid, mm-hmm 
Word up, we gon' take it back to the big park and shit
What are you going to rap about?
Yeah, when niggas was rhymin hard and comin crazy
Electrifying and vivid  yo
I'm like a rabbi, fresh new mag and I'm mad high
Stolen black Jag, I brag fly, yeah
Yo, a project thug, political gangster, starving Langston Hughes
The Jews want the crib when the God dies
I'm deadly, metaphors'll dog you
While I'm in the Forbes, first 500 niggas who raw live
Yo B, the nigga Shallah, he low-key
But he O.G., half of his niggas gone or in hidin
Federales'll sneak, police, holdin my old piece
Heard the young policeman died
58 carats of glass, the Aston blueberry black
Where I keep my ices and knives at
One of the force rawest
Yo, we're British aware who get money, shoot dice in his fortress
Mocknecks and stragglers
Eightball jackets the hagglers of the rap game, post up, surprise
I want that spot
Coolin with the Supervillain team, all you other playboys is twats
Niggas be down for the murder game
Run in the church, grab the rifle, put one in a nigga frame
I'm thirsty, hungry like a Somalian
Prol'ly with them niggas with the waves in they dome like tsunami
All we do is get fresh and fuck ma probably
Yo' baby mother gave me head in Barney's while I calmly
And I got giants in armies
While we rock mean colored clothes and don divas
Yeah, Chef back, some call him Louis Smith
Slash Lex Diamond and his chick sell crack
We rep bananas, beat this, legend of Stan Smith
700 dollar jeans, keepin your man distance
Yeah son, gimme your ear son
Yo yo yo, yo yo get the fuck away from the ropes man
Fuckin' chicken, ha ha ha
Doom, the warning signal again, somebody approaches!
What manner of creatures are these? There they are again, FIRE!
A gunshot from inside the house, forces a change of plans
Okay, let's make sure all the windows are covered
A straightforward entry has turned
Into what appears to be a barricaded standoff
POLICE DEPARTMENT! COME TO THE FRONT DOOR!
Anything you say, cracker
As the funky beat continuesSo we're gonna stand on perimeter
We did have some shots fired right down the street on us
While this was goin on, so we gotta set up a tight perimeter
We got the streets blocked off
To make sure we don't have any drivebys on us
Other than that, the operation went fairly well
Hell no, this shit is crazy
Where is it they're coming from?
I don't believe that shit
Who told you that? Rolled through, brrat!
Old to the new knows who holds the hat
Custom tailored fitted, head stayed same size
Big since first born, well spitted game wise
Same guy, same disguise
Sick aim eye stare at thick dame thighs, click claim prize
And the lucky contestant was sent
A whole year's supply of buckets of yucky excrement
Digital format, provide the ROM
Ride calm, flow was like a roadside bomb
Flipped the Humvee, impact was limb-numbing
Cameraman wig back, gunner screaming "Incoming!"
RPG, rhyme propelled grenade
Time to yell, scramble for cover in the shade
Bright as the midday sun, then it fade
Darkness come quick, some run and get sprayed
Rot dead, hot lead, it's rainin
Left 'em with they brains kicked in with they trainin
Dragged the remains into the open by the bootstraps
Dog tag attached to explosive human booby traps
Where's air support? Ears ringin, mortars whistlin
Bloodshot vision, afterthought: abort mission
Too little too late, as the last man gush
Took no prisoners mush, rap ambush
Murdalizing sucker emcees!I tripped a lot out here in the woods lately
This is a platter of, this makes an, an exceptionally good late night's snack and also a dandy fly swatter
Ah, my eyes are going, I can't hit it
Nothing comes between me and my masters
These footprints were by, by the flying monkey men
Yes, that is what disturbs me
He'd probably get indigestion
You will go
(I don't think so
Take them)
This jungle is dangerous Trapper
You will need assistance
You risked your life for us, thanks
I lost an arm
Stop it father
(Stand back
Return to the house)
No
What the?
Now Trapper, perhaps you will listenWell anyway
You may be saying about now
"How in the world is that old fella eat all of that crazy stuff
And not get sick to his stomach?"
Haha, well, don't worry about that
You see, whenever I make a pig of myself on the filet
Or the pudding or something
I mix up some herbs and
I come up with a dandy glass of this
Bicarbonate of fig leaf
That'll set me free, I'll tell you
Ugh
Edible wrappers may be in grocery stores as soon as months from now
You've heard of good to the last drop
Well your food could soon be good to the last bite
Wow! That was loud!
Got to ya, huh?
Here's an interesting note: artificial colors
Yellows or Reds
Let's focus on the red
In addition to FD&C Red Number 40, the FDA has approved certain food coloring additives, some are actually POISON!
If you aren't sure of the additives or colorings in the products you've purchased, LEAVE IT ALONE!
POISON!
BAD NEWS!
THAT'S RIGHT!
Thank you
Well, I think that about covers all of the natural foods out here
Now then, I have to go take my dessert here
I have to go
I'm conducting a cooking class today
Good health to you all!
Uh, over this way
Look out!
Alright Pops, still feel like charging me for that meal?
One look at his feature-less face
One look was enough to ensure his safety
As years passed, he became even more bitter and angry
Burning with vengeance against the world
Finally, amidst hidden scrolls, he found what he'd been seeking
Then, clothed in a suit of invulnerable armor, and possessing the worlds greatest secrets of science and magic, he returned to his homeland
And there he has remained
Scheming, dreaming, planning
Plotting his mad campaign to conquer the entire world
I warn you Doom, you've gone too far
That'll do it Doom, get your machineGumbo!
You gotta watch your gums on this
But it's, it's very good, it's very healthy
You would only want to use the wraps when there's no food associated with the use of the wraps
So, uh, some potential uses include, um, wrapping bolt packed in a larger package
And in that case, the, the wrap will actually form into a sauce when you cooked, cooked your meats
Um, there's also been interest in, um, development of using the wrap and then actually rip up the wrap in case you will get weary the next day
(It's hoped edible wrappers will do a couple of things
Create a new demand for produce
Stop throwing out as much garbage as they do
And eat more chitlins)Ten-hut!
Officer on deck
Salute, salute, salute
Yo, bombageddon, hard head descendants
Jarhead in the trenches, Scarhead's relentless
You came, performers, locksmiths and fools
Czar, what's your occupation? 
Anytime I'm spittin', the floor rock
The spell's so strong, I catch hate from wizards and warlocks
Boom-bap ambassador, track master hot as Africa sand
Movin' bodies like a human trafficker
What I'm stompin' to harder than an inmate on a conjugal
Launchin' you with rocket fuel, live at the barbecue
Rebel I-N-S provide a spark for you
And I ain't even dig into my arsenal
Don't take it personal, you know the biz and you know this is
Thoughts, so much force I'm like Yoda's twin
 I break a sweat in the coldest wind
I'm bad news, they gon' notify ya closest kin
CZAR, DOOM
CZAR, DOOM
CZAR, DOOM
CZAR, DOOM
CZAR, DOOM
CZAR, DOOM
The Supervillain, a maniacal tyrant
Hear footsteps, adapt to your environment
Jungle, all you suckers with the rap jargon
The type of rap you find on a rack at a bargain
Type of crap probably get 'em smacked off the margin
Willis Reed, '72, Knicks at The Garden
New York, this ain't no new talk, true talk
TMZ and fake beef is the new pork
Filthy, regurgitate
Tape him up, lay him down, increase the murder rate
No no no, not that dude, I heard he straight
Wack rappers get spit on through the pearly gates
Final straw, ask 'em what they rhymin' for
Death waits right behind the door like a dinosaur
On a line of raw tryna find a cure
DOOM!
CZAR, DOOM
CZAR, DOOM
CZAR, DOOM
CZAR, DOOM
CZAR, DOOM
CZAR, DOOM
It was a shit show from the get-go
Every hero needs a villain, weave a web like Steve Ditko
To get dough, they thirsty, word to big Diplo, they tip-toe
Minions 'round the giant with the sick flow
No, no, I wouldn't provoke 'em
They call him Conor McGregor, the way he's fookin' outspoken
In a trial by combat, let's do ten paces
Cesspool erases, Deadpool their faces
Deck, DOOM and Seamus, rec rooms and stages
You gamble with your health, med schools and Vegas
I miss that old shit, rappers used to be stupid def
Now they just stupid and deaf
I stay around bread like twisty ties, look 
CZARFACE stick the superhero landing, extra fly
My mind's scattered but the bars rule
So many voices in my head that every ride's a carpool
Unbelievable!Okay-kay-kay
Study facts, I put baby paw in the dirt like puppy tracks, yo
I was runnin' up in sacks slow
Haunted mind, now I'm on another plateau
My entrance, fly Benzes, knives, wrenches
Hotlines and suicide preventions
I fight in trenches, you hide behind fences
And ride benches. My mind's bright, yours is dense like Mike Pence's
I amplify the five senses
So ahead of my time, I don't speak in the right tenses
Big headed, I better try the wide lenses
Quite pretentious, bars like my mic got a life sentence
Don't lose your cool or show your cards too early
Or it could be a close call like New York-New Jersey
I always had a soft spot for chicks who talk dirty
Party on your block? Goin' 7:30
Ah, all you new aspirin' artists wish in the wind
Again any secret agents is listenin' in
Best bet, mind your neck, go and find the check
Ahem, time for wreck
Move over a smidgin, to avoid collision
Villain, one truth, won't argue no religion
Or promote no division, big business like prison
Never fall victim to indecision or no bogus inhibition
One world government, me say, "One world love for shit"
Or one girl shovin' it, lovin' it
Pink button keep on rubbin' it, hotter than an oven get
Some rappers is fake prophets, tryna pull a fast one
Caught on quick though, remember from the last one
Stayin' bent, this chain event Olympian
Readin' Corinthians in a whip a pimp be in
Dear God, it's
Dear God, it's
Fireman, I throw flames
Like I'm in the arcade with no change, I ain't playin' no games
I'm an animal, they let me off the chain
Still ride the underground railroad, get aboard the train
Somebody tell the label exec: "Don't forget
There's penalties and fees when you late with the check"
Matter fact take the payment in cash, I stay woke
Like seven cups of coffee, straight out the bag
That's some hard shit, sharp like the razor, choppin' bricks
Get the party lit, lush get crushed while cigar split
Feel it through your spine, I'm the sickest you'll find
I display more marvelous art than Guggenheim
No words to define me buddy
My previous work is under research and scientist study
Code name: prototype
Bet the DOOM vs. CZARFACE album have 'em open like a photo light
Dear God, it's
Dear God, it's
So easyWhat rhymes with shillin? Villain
What rhymes with shmillain? Villain
He's a villain, yes he is
Set it off, adrenaline rush
The boys way beyond a pen and a Dutch
Stronger than Henn, a bag of the dust
You need to watch how they acting with us
Now time to get it in gear
You can get it in right here
Revenge is better than beer
Yo DOOM, it's been a minute, think they getting it clear 
When brothers reunite 
Make sure we party right 
We rock it all night long
Even beyond the morning light 
It's hard to see him in the light
Even harder to see him on the mic
A black Benz beats being on a bike
And he can talk a gay chick outta being a dyke
Like that y'all 
Freak freak y'all, to the beat y'all 
Keep it on click fully auto
I won't stop the rock until pockets thick and gordo
More so a risk of sounding poor, bro
No tux, who needs tickets to the award show?
Normally cordial
More or less, less is more or no
 Hock spit out the cockpit
Stuck to the window 'til it's solid as a rock hit
Yes, he is
He grabbed the mic like two money bags
Waiting for the getaway to count what he had
Thought he was a spaz, but dude kept wrecking
The crowd remote control, keep 'em all guessing
Funny man gave 'em nothin' like a bummy dare
Taught him how to fight wit' a mic and the hottest stab
But that's the life of a villain
And you know after that, chilling
Went places, God Gracie, don't follow
The big joke, ain't no Cola in the Coke bottle
Writing rhymes 'til the pen go hollow
And been flow hotter than the sunshines of Marrow
It's just the villainous scheme
If not real life, it's still in yo' dreams
Like that y'all, like that y'all
Like that, a-like that and like that y'all
What rhymes with thrillin? Villain
What rhymes with stealin? Villain
He's a villain, yes he is
That's right, I'll smack the black off of ya punk!
Villain, pushin' on the couch cushion
Southside Minneap', never lived out in Brooklyn
Kept the faith, forget the fame
If they sweat the name, let it set the lane
Held mind, cold and hard
Had no regard who the chosen are
Who, you? Oh no
You played the oboe, keep it on the low low
Rappers are candy, butterscotch
I'ma let their baby mothers watch
She loves the ock, I touch the spot
Bitch, I'm the itch that must've got up her crotch, heh
Now stop, fill the buildings
Leave some pills for these little villains
Hey shorty, share the flask
Let me explain why I wear this mask
Villain!
I want you to call me at that address if I'm still there
Gonna make sure you get cracked!Whenever I'm expecting a lot of company
Haven't had a lot of company in a long time
But if I were expecting some
I'd whip up a really  substantial meal
You see how strong I am? 
It's from eating all this stuff
Good healthy meal like the...fillet
Now that's what they call...soul food
Now you got black-eyed peas
Carrot greens
Collard greens
Cornbread
Watermelon
And for dessert
Pork butts
Eat heartily gentlemen
I got a really stressful day and I really really needed some food
Something healthy like beets
Showed you how good it is
Well you may say "I don't think I'd care for that"
So you could also fix yourself a...Yo, yo, what's good?
Esoteric
INS, your Highness
DOOM
7L
CZARFACE at it again—y'all ready?
Yo
I'm fire in the summertime, cookin' with more heat
Flow like DiCaprio, wolf of all beats
The speak's deep like Leviathan
Boss with the cross-fader, Lord Vader to a Kylo Ren
Search for the plug, I hurt you with love
Man, they pop holograms; call em' virtual thugs
I'm sinister, hear the strings on the Czar guitar
Sick with it, Doc' Strange in the Arkham yard
We go dumber than Trump
More money on the mind, got numbers to crunch
Y'all just waking up for the day, I'm on lunch
I portray my own self, perform my own stunts
Like CZARFACE bustin' in through the window
Bones broke, no hope for your kinfolks
Yeah, as long as CZARFACE wins
We'll be more talked about than Beyonce's twins
Dig it?
No friendly warfare, this ain't wrestlin'
There's nothing staged over here, you're trippin' Mescaline
Drinkin', could've got smacked for what he thinkin'
Would've said the word, whack! Abe Lincoln
Vil still spend stacks off crack, stay crinklin'
This game's filthy, get got while blinkin'
Rappers do big-up jail like a recruiter
Game lieutenant hit a boy, said he wasn't shooter
Told him, "Man-up or keep it pushing like a scooter"
Then said nuttin' and didn't pass the Buddha
What do you know, Bodine shows up
Spit his shitty sixteen and get hisself locked up, up
His story had a moral, he's buried in the soil
Vil put it in her back like a epidural
Kids, eat, sleep, stay away from creeps
Spit it from the heart, this game's for keeps
Put you in the dirt like a garden gnome, hard as stone
Lies synchronized like the steps of a marchin' clone
Legion, ruthless, my troops is from parts unknown
Like a minor human torch, arson prone
My field is a minefield, bombs left and right, knobs
It's stormin', kite, sign sealed with divine shield
Even Nick Fury keeps his eye peeled
Wolverine's mutant gene, hopin' time heals
Fightin' Irish girls off me like Notre Dame
While you're ripped and you're a sucker 'cause you can't say no to dames
And you're like novacane 'cause I can't feel you now
Come on, give me some credit
I never say some bullshit everyone else think I'm apathetic
Beat the rhyme sharp and tight
Lethal mind archetype, darker than an Arkham Knight"And that ended Doom's plans for world destruction!"
"And how did you manage to stop him?"
"Simple, I  rearranged the circuits"
"Once he threw the switch" {*bang*}
"My ability to attack is faster than the cobra..." {*dialogue fades*}
"Very helpful."
"And I will be careful, not to make the same mistakes as Doom!"
What's the hero, who's the villain?
Dead or livin, killed or killin, who the fuck should remain chillin?
 Webster says, wicked and evil, but yo who's Webster?
Nihilation and outcast, equals freedom that's so fast
Culture in chains, that be the rolls villain plays
All these are just metaphors, they describe symbols in folklore
But who knows why it's like this?
Hero? Hit or old miss? Maybe it's all good
Really of God, but who should, determine the real
Evil, what's the deal
Fools rush in, they don't know the yin, from the yang
And are ashamed to deviate, or act sane
From the norm, they are slaves, forced to conform
To really find your essence, take this as a lesson
Break away from the rest of them
Get from the form ending, like the villain in the song
Find truth, who determines wrong
From right, without a fistfight
Different from day than from night {Operation... Doomsday}
It's just a simple play on words
Delete all these punks ass herbs
Who's the hero, what's the villain?
The question still remains chillin
Listen to the music, try very hard to use it
Open up and research, and that's the end of this verse
But y'all niggas keep y'all minds open out there
"So like fuck you, fuck the newspaper, fuck all that shit man!"
"I'm leavin" {"Good evening"}
"Yo why you want to be leaving man?"
"Man don't worry about that sucker, yo man listen"
"Yo I'm not gonna finish my piece man, not with this lady around man"
"Yo what the fuck is this shit man?"
"I don't like that shit man, I don't want no fuckin pictures taken of my shit man"
"Yo relax!"
"Nah man, that shit is fucked up man, that shit can get us busted over here man!"
"Relax man it's for the paper"
"NAH NAH I'm not gonna relax, I'm gettin the fuck out of here"
"Look, we got a car! She's got a car parked right over there man!"
"Let's get the fuck out of here!"
"Well come on let's go then!"
"Doom, wears body armor to conceal his own mangled form, right?" "Yeah"
"So like fuck you"
"Do yourself a favor.. do yourself.. trust me"I'm still dope even if the bag ain't Coach
Even if I don't smoke 'til the hydro roach
I'm still dope, rock a thrift store coat
And a fresh pair of moccasins comfortable for walkin' in
No A&R marketin', this is my reality
Still dope, power walk, burning off the calories
Fact and not fallacy, Metal Face family
Imminent fatality, taking us too casually
I got it, it's cool, just part of the school
And I'm acing the lesson, it's time, so quit stressin'
Still dope, vibrant, natural game
No ring, no chain, still bringin' the pain
Still dope, got no choice but to cope
Listen, take notes, I'm showin' you the ropes
Still dope, very high dosage
My approach is lights out, buenos noches
Hold my glasses so I can get Riddick
Send 'em home tail tucked, holdin' they fitteds
Cold as a Guinness, "One pint miss!"
Yo, chill, watch the table, a fish might flip!
Crack jokes spit, pop mad shit
That's what it's made for, cop that quick
"Drop that, vic!" Butterfingers, oopsie
Signed away your publishing for Jordans and a loosie?
The old one-two, see; solo not groupie
All over they ass like sweats by Juicy
Cats is puss like Sagwa and Morris
Stay spittin' lines, there is no chorus
Deploying the troublesome, sleep in bubblegum
That's a double dumb, hum if you feel where I'm comin' from
Do it 'til ya lips are numb, you gotta go for it
I stay moving forward, I'm baby bear porridge
Knick-nack paddywack, fuck y'all critics
This dime on the grind when it come to the spinach
Conquered the Id, vicious like Sid flow
Not a nympho, IMpress Official!
She rock mikes, you wait to exhale
She rock shows like DMC rock Cazals
She rock shells, manicured nails
Rock for every belle with a spliff to inhale
Holdin' she own cone of homegrown shrubbery
Won't go hungry, the flow too lovely
Leavin' grills dented on a SUV rented
Classic as vintage Impalas that's all tinted
Raw bidness, like how them wifeys get hitted
Authentic, the track is so love, I'm all in it
Aww quit it, of course I'm inclined to shine, did-ick
Line for line wit it, climbin' infinite
¿Tu no sabe? Yo soy una bien mala madre
Confident aren't we? Playin' it smartly
Word to Dios, Estrella is lethal
Flow muy frio, roll the dice chico
Live crazy decent insanely frequent
Strangely sleep wit' one eye open not jokin', outspoken
Provokin' and chokin', ego strokin' is lame
Word bonder than James, four alarm wit' the flame
Way ahead of the game, we still playing the same
Royalty in my veins, it'll always remain
Forever doin' my thing, solo or crew I can hang
Like ylang and ylang, bring the Yin to the Yang
They got placenta for brains, testing my venomous slang
Fools get fitted for bangs and rented for change
Some people think I'm deranged, others a little bit strange
Just trying to rattle my cage cause I'm way outta they rangeWhen this reporter babe get here, she gon' be on our tip, man. You know she gon' wanna write about me and my man here, all kind of long articles and stuff.
Flash Message Top Secret Ultra
Yeah, and when she does, and she puts his picture in the paper, that's gonna be the end, secret exposed, his face, for everyone to see man. That's the wack, you know.
Ears Only
Yo, man, what the fuck you talkin' 'bout, man? That's gon' get my man big fame, man, cash money too.
Arrange Temporary Transfer This Agency
Yo, but what about money? Yeah. If I do this interview, will, you know, will I get paid for it?
Metal Face DOOM
Hell yeah, man! You gon' get G's!
Your Concurrence In The Above Is Assumed
Yo, where do you get your information from? “You’re gonna get paid,” you don’t get paid for an interview and shit, you don't get paid for that. Yeah, he'll come out in it, but he's not gonna get money.
Notify MF, KMD, GYP, CM. Effective Immediately
Yeah, but that's true, what he said, man. I don't, I don't want my pictures in the papers
Look, man, I know how the publicity machine works. You're gonna get cash money for this. You might not get the money, like, right now, but you gon' have money like Barry White, man! You can do all kind of crazy shit you wanna do when you get this publicity, man.
Top Secret Ultra End Of Message
Um
Huh
Now, who will be the first to tell me of a past adventure?
I ain’t sayin’ nothing
Why don’t you tell him about the time we faced Doom?
Alright. Well as I remember, Doom had threatened the world leaders with destruction of every major city on earth. *Telephone Rings*
Headquarters
Good evening
Would you believe it? It’s Doom on the phone!
What’s on your evil mind?
Hold your insulting tongue and mark my words well. I have plotted my revenge on you. Now I shall have it! Bid farewell to your friends!
Doom hates us all, but in his warped mind, he has a personal score to settle with me
Operation DoomsdayListerine green jars, sick cleans, jallad be a enma
Thick queens, mamma mia robs jalapeno peppers
Click mean large, brick seen mirage is ours
Quick mean cause, strict deen Allah
Make your quota, check your clock shock taqwa
Concoct the potion, blue liner lotion, call it aqua
Tock you on watch, sure ahk, salaat two rak'at
Four to roll in extorter mode, loose spot too hot
Here you go ma, for you boo, that's coco mango
She let her hang go, her man said "yo no tango"
Bangles jangle, no gangs is tranquil
Black grill, real shank steel, bankroll ankle
F to the N and R, two thiefs are bummin a car
But never had no beef so Alhamdulillah
Inshallah any duties, top grillers, no Mercedes sign
Bubble nuggets with the ruby, Cop Killer 89
On a line on the third like Lupin
Word is a bond that's honored don, shukran... afwan
Ram the adhan
Livin sunnah of the Prophet Muhammad alayhi as-salaamAye, yo
I don't remember, what the fuck
But, yo
I said, I'm nicer than the good Samaritan
I make it rain, no racks but like a tribal African
Got a call from my tall Spanish friend 
Rugburn city, and now my knees need bandagin'
Nah, the smoke's not loud, it's obnoxious
I spit cyber-hot shit to fry your fiber-optics
Watch this magic trick, quickly cut this bitch in half
Then walk off colder than a winter draft
Ask Mulder and Scully, Deck's style, X-File
Extra-terrestrial, wow
Alien flow, cooler, Super-Saiyan blow
Rebel of mighty Wu Clan
Handin' out ass-whippins on a group plan
So call me Mr. CZARFACE
More action than the fight scene, the shootout and the car chase
Spoken word on 'em, right?
Villain gone haywire
Hey liar, don't cry wolf, say fire
Pray higher, old guy'll stay by ya
The outcome cost more than what you paid prior
Turbulence from circumstance
Quite perceptive, do his dance moment he turned and glanced
It's worth a thousand words, cowards die a thousand deaths
Sounds fresh, so pay up with a pound of flesh
Now the test like cops barged in and found the mess
Outcome critical, lay down in the ground and rest
Wake up in a million years, still here with his Villain peers
Hittin' gears for another pill and beers
Me and Jorjito crack a joke and still in tears
 Guess God is a comedian
While the poor get devoured in the jaws of greedy men
Whose daughter's out dancin' to techno and BDM
Sell soul? Heck no, sucker, 'til we meet again
Saga of the Villain, brand new chapters
Do amass new billions, barf krill on masses and rose-gold pavilions
Rare form of integrity, oughta draw gazillions
All in they feelin's, hatin' gets you nowhere
Go home, practice one-two checks, oh yeah
Word
Okay alright yo, you brought a knife to a gunfight
Yeah well I would do that and stab the shooter, broad sunlight
Tadada, I'm back in rehab, no secrecy
I'm seekin' treatment for beatin' MCs repeatedly
You petty locals, made for soft shit like Kenny Chesney vocals
Mine are more like Reggie Noble's
Yeah, I'm up in this bitch with Fonzarelli
Leave MCs ate, Eazy, no Compton deli
Old warrior like Chris Mullin
I'ma do a heel turn and kick your fuckin' skull in
And walk away spittin' poetry like Countee Cullen
I'm the one true king of this one-two thing
The way I kick bars and darts
You'd think I mixed Marshall's art with mixed martial artsHe moves the crowd like a cursor on zoom
No curse words, DOOM the worst church nerd verse heard
Appeared blurred to a million true believers
He's the supervillain arm dealer to the divas
Catch, amongst other world scandals
Butter pearl handles to match your girl's sandals
Plan was hatched by a pack of old vandals
Whose flag was a black and gold patch with bloody anvils
"Hit 'Em to the Head" was the motto
And one more time to make sure them dead, BLAKKO
When you throw blows in a knife fight, Paco
That's how it goes in this Modern Life like Rocko
Clock dough 24-7 cycle
When it comes to flows he got more than a mic full
Pull a broad like a dyke bull on a long bid
You're messin with the wrong kids Michael
... it ain't Jack-son
For him to flip scripts like camera, action
Villain! Raw by the laws of attraction
For future generation's information - the black one
... Move the crowd like a buddha cloud
The purple, puff puff pass 'round the circle
A jerk well renowned for his work skill
He's out, the proof is the computer's down Urkel
MC a show via wi-fi
And paid way before we wrap it up like tie-dye
Hip-Hop sci-fi you can see
He had the eye of the tiger through the mask like the Fry Guy
Just made a baby Olmec dome check
Left some folks' ancestors home wreck
With blown backs these lesser known facts thwart evil
It got no reason, like short people
No offense, his feet was burnt brass
Whenever he walked on the street it turned glass
On his lucky rat's paw in the crap drawer
All the world's a stage, where's the trap door, slackjaw
Logic, to keep your mind in the project
Drop the check, his job is to chop necks
That's just payback for noses there's no psych though
What they don't know like Bo
Won't hurt Diddley squat
Got to be kiddin me, not
Seriously plot, to put a hit out on a G-spot
Gypped like Egypt out their kettles and they teapotTheir instructor is speaking
Eatin' Captain Crunch for lunch, don't get your panties in a bunch
Shorty passed out, he coulda put the whammy in the punch
Had he a hunch, he could get set up like one Cosby
Slidin' off of three snowflakes like Tom Bosley
Remember Charlie's Angels? They had to make some changes
Three broads with burners, these dames could get dangerous
Dude you never see will forever remain nameless
Two of them things black, the last one's stainless
Don't deal with the Devil on a deep level
They see metal and sound off like a tea kettle
Blow the spot up lovely
With no reference to skin color, God don't like ugly
Wise man once said not to showboat
And treat the yacht the same way as a rowboat 
The snakes'll hang theyself with they own rope
And watch a jewel transform to a known quote
Look out, run through your town on attack mode
Look out, run through your town on attack mode
Look out, run through your town on attack mode
Throw a mask on and go in
What's Mary Poppin', y'all? Shout to Michael Rooker
You with a mic is like a eunuch with a hooker
Pressure  cooker
My Konfusion's Organized, I'm the lord of light
Yondu with an arrow's like Eso with the cordless mic
Flow holy, no gospel trap, writin' like
Michael Crichton put the rap in Velocirap-tor, or
I hit you like a trap, door, when it rains it pours
No mental strains but I, stick out like Kurt Angle's temple veins
You got an empty brain, enter in my lane
It takes balls like a gender change, people talkin' out they ass
Check for the double-cross like 2 Chainz at Sunday mass
Hit you with the belly to belly, the suplex
Off the roof of the duplex, willin' to group text
With Steely Dan, Groot, fuckin' baby Groot, the ghost of Dave Brubeck
Alex Trebek and Boba Fett, who's next?
Look out, run through your town on attack mode
Look out, run through your town on attack mode
Look out, run through your town on attack mode
Throw a mask on and go in
They can't handle the pressure, tryn'a handle Inspectah
'Cause I eat 'em up faster than Hannibal Lecter
Couldn't plan it no better, try me, you know better
I will fuck money up, Spike Lee in "Mo' Better"
Choose your battles more wisely, I wouldn't suggest you provoke
I stunt your growth like cigarette smoke
 I'm talkin' effortless flow
I tell the truth, the whole truth, so let the record show
I went from corner to corner, took it block to block
Came from under the rock, rock bottom to top
It's like New York City cab style, picture me stopped
They gon' catch it like a fish when it officially drop
Just pre-order the slaughter, when you give it a listen
There'll be so many bars, we'll give you visions of prisons
So many haters among us, though I never surrender
I'm like Jeremy Renner, silent weapon, Avenger
Look out, run through your town on attack mode
Look out, run through your town on attack mode
Look out, run through your town on attack mode
Throw a mask on and go in
They call him CZARFACE, and man's worst enemy
CZARFACE head on with one of the meanest mugs
In the galaxy: the Chrome Bearer
Make sure your hoodie is on, and your boots laced
This adventure will keep you at the edge of your seat
CZARFACE, the baddest one man army to hit town
Always where the action is
CZARFACE, rated R
Under 17 not permitted without parental supervisionTossing, turning, dreams of murder, someone's killing me
Of changes, there's nights I'm on a killing spree
All done cold blood waking up in cold sweats
This is such a cold world unconscious getting death threats
Shadows choking me, my last breath lets out my body
It's a conspiracy, my mind and my body's not really down with me
Me against the whole world? It's a little deeper
Me against my self, I fight the Grim Reaper
Swing sickle, I got my Glock bust rounds off
Demented, schizophrenic, I know this sounds off to you
I do not lie, when I doze off spirits hope I die, whatever
Angels waste the time, they work together
Scheme and plot on me, cause I'm the son of man
I hear voices from a dog like Son of Sam
Don't give a damn if the bullets fill me
I don't wanna live, I hope they kill me
Put me out my misery, I live in misery
I kill all my enemies, cause I love company
Those who seek me, are called wise men
Or either wise-guys I pray you comprehend
And realize I'm condemned
No rest, homicidal dreams
My cellmate, all he do is scream
Out loud how he wants to go home
That's funny, I'm here all alone
Locked, in a single cell
His back's bleeding, he's cold as hell
And I'm hoping, they turn on some heat
I call the C.O. to bring some extra sheets
"Where'd he go?" he walk through walls, run halls, I pray "teach me"
They don't see him at the health they try to reach me
I said "please see how he feels"
They said, "He's alright but he's not real"
Evaluations say I suffer from depression
Hallucinations, self-creations, what they're guessin'
I'm here doing years, I'm stressin'
Medicate me, sedate me want me to rest an'
Don't take it cause he said that won't be best an'
He said I need his help and he needs me
"Nigga you walk through walls, go home you're free"
Home, that was far and he was turned off
Cause his wings was burned off
A lesson was learned, communicate with one
I was chosen cause I'm God's son
And I'm the retarded one!
 Out in the streets
You won't survive with, wack-ass beats 
These days and times
Watch as we get ours with rhymes
To my Metal Face bros with stomachs of cast-iron
Who been in to win and blast to the last siren
On the slow-mo the calm artist with the so-so chick
Chased them all like how he did to Slobodan Milosovik
Anyhoo, how 'bout them Yankees?
Once I leave off-stage the party people thanks mee's
If I may speak freely nasty like the freaky-deeky
At your local sleazy speak-easy
For any fan of the limelight
In the mic stand was left a lit stick of dynamite
It's risky business like hand-to-hand crack sale
With rappers who's better off on the cover of Black Tail
Jumpin Jehosaphat, who's that?
Who cats who do magic be like "tell me how you do's that"
Heck no, especially those who cop pleas like gecko
Thought I might do techno
Ha ha, betcha bust out laughing at the bet
For no reason he get cussed out like Tourettes
Yet tight flow to make her bad-ass stutter
Or even crack a smile from a mad fast cutter
Butter, word play since third grade age
Back when we used to play "Bang! Open bird cage"
Hip hop's Benny Hill sip Henny straight, get every penny weighed, then he chill, at any rate
My metal-face hoes with tongue or  least eye ring
Do yourself, I will continue to do my thing
Like Kung-Fu fighting everybody was biting
And the super-villain strike again like lightning
In the same spot  now what's the chance of that?
And a name-drop like pick the name out the hat
That's a no jiver from the, liver conniver
Who vote players out the rap game like Survivor while I
Drop through greens like a nerd cat with intended speech from way back
And spin on your back and then freeze
While I play high-ball, low-ball, to zero
So called rhymers, go call Cleo
While I, steal the show like thought-so-try-hiking
Super-duper stars need Ortho-TriCylin
Sometimes the men, mostly from the women
I hear voices saying that's the super-villain
Mostly from the women, I hear voices... super-villainI'm old school
This mic is my ProTool
I'm three apples high
I live in a toadstool like a smurf
Everyone at birth is given x-ray specs
But they under-use them to undress the opposite sex
Holy guacamole!
Let's get this rap cash
'Cause art right now is on some slap-dash, flapjack-crap trash
Leave me here
Save yourself!
Okay—pass me your wallet, I'll send help
Mmm—now who drank the last brew?
They turned off my cell again
The bill was way past due
Gosh, tell a friend
But don't let 'em gas you
It's all just hogwash
Now back to the castle
Where's that?
Parts unknown
When I'm home the seeds throw darts at the throne
No tart taste to the ho cakes
No jakes
And first place
In the go-cart race goes to—
No brakes! Teach peace to the babies
We're all the same
At least for the ho's sake
Stepped on an undisclosed rake
Catch a nose-ache...
Y'all flows is fake
Yodle-eh-hee-who wants to be my protege?
Me—me too!
So parrot-back it
I'm an underlined caret bracket
Greater than or equal to
But greater than four stars
Greater than straight-A report cards
Greater than poor sports in divorce courts or sports bars
What's your mission?
Making hundreds
Shaking blunders in this self  taking on fun-filled until—
Done—chill
It ain't all about the dollar bill
You could be dead broke and be a scholar still
That's true
What question should I ask you?
Uh—"What type of ill-type of tricks do the mask do?"
Okay; what type of ill-type of ill tricks do the mask do?
The face plate remove and I give chicks tattoos
But then they can see your face!
I make 'em look the other way
I almost caught a case off that same shit the other day
In Grady's truck is where I first got lucky
In the 80s, now I make the ladies say, "Yucky!" like Sandy
Bollocks, that old mustache is bull-snot
On your bald spot
Now that's what I call hot!"MF Czar—we the antidote"
"MF Czar—we the antidote"
What I write sting, I'm The Night King
How I'm floatin' you would think I'm on a kite string
Yeah, extra strength, no PEDs
DOOM Face takes the kief with the CBD
I never wore women's clothes
So many rappers exposed, but anything goes
I'm from a different cloth, I remain like hieroglyphic walls
24/7 in the kitchen rippin' sauce
Before you hear the drum or the bassline
I bring it to 'em face time, zip them up, D-E-C-K shine
A worker and a boss, that's a easy check
'Cause your boy rain fire like Khaleesi pets
Deck thorough, I wreck worlds
I'm on a futuristic ride homie, catch me in Westworld
I'm black on, I'm like the flick of a light switch
Bars like ours come equipped with the ice picks
"MF Czar—we the antidote"
"MF Czar—we the antidote"
Congrats, ya teeth catch a dope slap
You got Strahan teeth there ain't a close gap 
Between us ya team seem sus
Freshly dipped like a painter with a clean brush
Genius, I let the pimp lead
A couple eyes on his name like Embiid 
I'm rustlin' to pay you pretend chi 
The rhymes specialize the content speed
Yes raps wrath of 
Keep it a Buck like Giannis or fuckin' Jack Sikma
Deck is you ready?  Yo Metal Face is you ready? 
Machete on the teddy, kill the mic then be Jetti
"MF Czar—we the antidote"
"MF Czar—we the antidote"
Lyrics, don't blow it, bein' heroic
And don't make me tell you again, stay stoic
Nowhere near the radar, way below it
Barely ever what they say they are and they know it
Let 'em be what they wanna be, pros see methodically
Properly, some you gotta test periodically, ironically
As far as humans, loyalty is an oddity
As far as bein' snakes though, it'd probably be two outta three
Make sure the inner heat match the outer heat
Mask on, get that bread, undoubtedly
Seen a presidential suite on a balcony
Watch how he make it all happen through alchemy
That's unimportant, levels get deeper
True essence lives behind the mind of the seeker
Curiosity's great, but effort makes you weaker
Relax, just be what's comin' out the freakin' speaker
Eureka
"MF Czar—we the antidote"
"MF Czar—we the antidote"
"MF Czar—we the antidote"
"MF Czar—we the antidote"
"MF Czar—we the antidote"
"MF Czar—we the antidote"It was back in the days when I met a brilliant student named DOOM
Hello? Anybody home?
Wow, look at that equipment
I wonder what DOOM is working on
Now I'll just rearrange a few of these circuits
What are you doing in my room?
You're even more stupid than I thought
Give me those papers
I just came by to say hello
But you'd better recheck those equations
You're off a few decimals
And that means big trouble if you use this material
Get out of hereEatin' Captain Crunch for lunch, don't get your panties in a bunch
Shorty passed out, he coulda put the whammy in the punch
Had he a hunch, he could get set up like one Cosby
Slidin' off of three snowflakes like Tom Bosley
Remember Charlie's Angels? They had to make some changes
Three broads with burners, these dames could gets dangerous
Dude you never see will forever remain nameless
Two of them things black, the last one's stainless
Don't deal with the devil on a deep level
They see metal and sound off like a tea kettle
Blow the spot up lovely
With no reference to skin color, God don't like ugly
Wise man once said not to showboat
And treat the yacht the same way as a rowboat
The snakes'll hang theyself with they own rope
And watch a jewel transform to a known quote
All I'm tryna do is just make mine
Why a sideline rider tryna take mine?
Cause I shine like the sun, broad day time
Puttin' facts to the claps and the bassline 
All I'm tryna do is just make mine
Why a sideline rider tryna take mine?
Cause I shine like the sun, broad day time
Puttin' facts to the claps and the bassline 
What's Mary Poppin' y'all? Shout to Michael Rooker
You with a mic is like a eunuch with a hooker
Pressure  cooker
My confusion's organized, I'm the lord of light
Yandu with an arrow's like Eso with the cordless mic
Flow holy, no gospel trap, writin' like
Michael Crichton put the rap in Velocirap-tor, or
I hit you like a trap-door, when it rains it pours
No mental strains but I, stick out like Kurt Angle's temple veins
You got an empty brain, enter in my lane
It takes balls like a gender change, people talkin' out they ass
Check for the double-cross like 2 Chainz at Sunday mass
Hit you with the belly to belly, the suplex
Off the roof of the duplex, willin' to group text
With Steely Dan, Groot, fuckin' baby Groot, the ghost of Dave Brubeck
Alex Trebek and Boba Fett, who's next?
All I'm tryna do is just make mine
Why a sideline rider tryna take mine?
Cause I shine like the sun, broad day time
Puttin' facts to the claps and the bassline 
All I'm tryna do is just make mine
Why a sideline rider tryna take mine?
Cause I shine like the sun, broad day time
Puttin' facts to the claps and the bassline 
Is that a good guy or a bad guy?
Uhh, good guy
Well it looks like a bad guy
Well, he's a good guyI'll have to go ahead with my experiment right now
Lower the dome
Are you ready, Costez?
All set
My moment of triumph is at hand
Contact
It's messed up
It doesn't look bad
You're crazy, it looks bad
Okay, then at least tell me what this thing that you're doing
This figure in the middle, it’s not even coming out right
I’ve already got like the hands like on the side, like the hands of doom, and they’re like representing the city, and the environment around this artist
And he’s like, like, he’s like by himself in his own world and what not
He don’t care about nobody around him, and that’s what the hands are, everybody around him
Yeah, who is this character?
That's you
Who told, what gave, what gave you that idea?
C'mon man, I've been knowing, I've knowing for a long time that was you
Nah nahWho got the most whips gats and cash?
If you ask the villain, he say who gives a rats ass
Can't take it wit'choo you when you breathe ya last
In the meanin in between pass that grass
Give thanks, his rank is that of big stank dank
He often'd time drank by the river bank
An kept a silver shank, for a calm cat
Always stayed strapped for hand to arm combat
For DOOM the bell tolls
Let them fools know ain't no more room in these hell holes
It's filled up to the brim wit sold souls
Crackheads dope fiends an 40's of ol' gold
Hold up, the boldest who ever sold it
Whoever dare roll up, prepare to get folded
Like holly hobby, gosh golly gee
The back of hector hoskerish's trolly red wash me
Dag nabbit, the mask is like a chick magnet
Some'll let you stab it for a nic' of the babbit
They say he talk slick like Dick Cavett
A fiend for the mic an can't kick it like a sick habit
Give him a hero's holla
Along wit more free dough than Creflo Dollar
Holy toledo how he make base on the today show
They say he wear a mask in case his face show
It's better than a stocking bird brain
Find him on the corner rockin mockingbird lane
He's a odd man grandma
And she's a bad mamma-jamma either squeeze the damn hammer
Or stop complainin, on the top he's remainin
A lot of pop sensations need more proper home trainin
The people say he's the nicest
He only wants to be left alone to his own devices
If the price is right he might sing a new smash
Then laugh an twist his Rollie Fingers moustache
Tear ya crew a new.. gash
An prepare a new batch, of his own special herb goulash
Villain, the dork who talk funny
An he'll put one in ya, so watch where you walk money
Like Semy say, do more boomers, they cure tumors
And beware of the DoomstaHey, there, you—in the Metal. What's your name?
DOOM. Shit. 
DOOM? Mmmm—I like it. I'm CZARFACE. I know a guy who can change your life. 
Who?
Me!
Ten feet, nigga. 
Sometimes, hearin' in this helmets hard, it's made me a close talker. 
My space, yo. 
What do ya say we do a little team-up?
What?
Ya know, a team-up—like; Spidey and The Torch; Hawk and Animal; 7L and—umm, uhh—
Play your position. 
Well, my position is hero, and—stop me if you've heard this one—every hero needs a—Villain. 
That's right. 
Hahaha. 
A villain!He walk around town with a frown like Homey the Clown
Shelltoe Lee crown, well blow me down
Blow! hell no, he sound funny
Outta bounds tryin'ta cop a pound with brown money
Keep the change, peep game, the Range
Inches on the fringes of a deep steepa' strange
When he met a dread at the swine roast
Find him in the zone up ahead near the sign post
Follow the beat, you won't stumble
Shut your mouth, swallow your feet, or try'an rumble
In discreet they lie and mumble
Catch 'em in the street they as humble as Bryant Gumble cryin' fumble
Don't let him get the call
Keep a stack a diss rhymes, one-size-fits-all
Tries ta' avoid the pitfall
Or else get hit in the eye with a old dry spitball
You must be crazy out ya mind
Even on the days he feel lazy he shout rhymes
No chains, no bridge, does get outshined
When he come blaze it people say it's about time
The old God with the old gold gold card
When he's on the road it's no-holds-barred
No lard, in the record game on some bull guard
So many nekked dames he might blow his whole wad
He learn somethin' new everyday
Go ahead and burn, they ain't nothin' to do anyway
'cept sell tracks out the Cheverolet like lemonade
And go gold in the hood so he can get ghetto paid
Now that's usin' the ol' cranium
Like the jewelry cat who sold him fake plat uranium
Guaranteed to turn necks green like the Hulk
Have it manufactured by machine in bulk
They rock 'n roll like: 'Stop, Drop . . .'
And if they got soul, then welcome to the sock hop
Hip-be-bop at ya block mom 'n pop shop
Time it when when it comes to rhymin' is chop-shop
Keep it lit till the last stroke'a the pen
And ya don't quit like ya quit smokin' again
They said he keep his lyrics poked in a tin
And his secret recipe, soak it in some gin
Brings the heat like a radiator
Stays on beat with the mask like a gladiator
Sword is the mic cord
And he came to turn it out like a dike broad out the psych ward
I recollect when he first took the sector
He use the connect-the-dot styles as a mic checka
Told him give the deposit, book the lecture
The crooked look wrecka, HOOKS IS EXTRA!!!MF DOOM - “Impostas”
: MF DOOM]
: MF DOOM and Ill Clown]
: Setsuo Yamamoto, Shun Nishigaki, and Tatsuro Suzuki - “Charlie Ending” ]
The Supervillian versus the gold-digger
DOOM mild-mannered old nigga
Supporter for the daily blues
Reporter for the jewel, drop news, pop Israeli tools
The world-renowned master of word game
Who lay low sometime behind iceberg nerd frames
 They heard the name, but just couldn’t
Quite place the rep if they retraced they steps
Next EP, who to give thanks ta?
Here lies the pranksta who tried to test a gangsta
The last thing he saw was a potato
From the lone NATO who hosts his own late show
Keep a low lab on Monsta Island like Seinfeld
White-wine clientele connected like Mind Meld
I can tell they sees these styles as too tricky
They’re too picky on this microphone doohickey
MF, Monday through Friday, get money
Saturday through Sunday, the brown Al Bunday
Waiting for the shit you’re kicking as the plot thickens
He wrote these rhymes in 3-D with red and blue BIC pen
And to the chickens, only hoes who say, “Let me hold ‘em”
Take him in their mouth while he’s semi-swollen—semicolon
I told him words would do a nigga brutal
For not using his noodle, F up and get bamboozled
He was the one to open to her up, blow her brains
Back, dope her up or rope her to the train tracks
Or he would choke her ‘til she collapse, steal/steel
To poker/poke her with the wood, and tell her, “Be good”
He could take a phrase like “Peter Piper picked a pepper”
And put it where he couldn’t peep a sniper, sicker repper
Nigga poppa, stick a chick proper
Double-platinum, Oprah, soap-opera watchers, gossipers
On top of her
]
 can’t go
Raw anymore
 rappers is
Impostas.  Been a show-stopper since a ho-hopper
Never came second place in a neck-and-neck race
To the naked face who wanna battle: bring a neck brace
We supply the insult to injury
Whoever in the industry getting money is too stingy
Violate, you might as well smoke me, loc
Relocate, migrate, or get caught with the okey-doke
It’s guaranteed it’s your last step, so step to me
With the Uzi, watch that first step—it’s a doozy
Time flies as the hourglass trickles sand
One last thing before I blao this popsicle stand:
A rolling stone, and that’s that.  At home
On the microphone like, “That’s where he laid his hat at”
]
Keep making dough
Mad Flow, MF, Metal Face hoes
Factual stacks at shows
Worldwide, ‘cross the globe, let the beat rockYo what's up DOOM, This is Bumpy Knuckles
Just calling to say that I'm proud of the work you been doing dog
You know this whole album and all that that you've been working on my dude
It's like, it's like a long time coming man for people to get a chance to
Look into the mind of a villain, you know like somebody who really has
A serious outlook on their craft, you know there's a lot of clowns out here
With you know, painted faces and when they take the paint off
It's just a clown with no paint on their face 
So please understand my dude I'm watching you man and I see what you doing
It's the OG man Bumpy Knuckles straight fly, aight?
My motto for 2009 is fuck everybody , aight?
So when you go on stage and you put your middle finger up to the crowd
Ask them to put it back up
And when they show respect to the villain they should say fuck everybody 
Cause that's what everybody's gonna say when they have to show respect for you
Ahh fuck him, fuck him that's the dinkest shit in the world if they write this
Well fuck you
Cause everybody wanna be what you are
You nah'mean? They can't find
Themselves
Aight, stay focused my dude I appreciate your work
Aight? Soon come: Bumpy Knuckles, MF DOOM— soon come
PeaceDo you have any medicine?
"CZARFACE" 
Do you—
Do you—
Do you have any medicine?
There's no tellin'
That's a very vilainous answer
Mhm
Mad scientist flow
"CZARFACE"
"CZAR—"
"CZAR—"
"CZAR—"
"CZARFACE."
"I got something for your mind, your body, your soul."
Do you—
Do you—
Do you have any medicine?Doom, are you awake?
Yes, but what do you want?
You fool, it's a miracle that you didn't kill Costez as well as yourself. So, before you cause greater harm—
Get out of here! This is just a minor disappointment. I shall overcome it
The failure of DOOM's experiment did not end his tragedy
For a few days later, his bandages were removed
There. Aah! How horrible, that face
What have I done to myself? My face is...hideous! He made me hurry my experiment! Now I must hide my face from all mankind. But he will pay. Oh, how he will pay!
So after his face was ruined, he just seemed to disappear
Why did DOOM threaten just to—
Well, like I said he just disappeared. I'll never forgot that dayIn lak'ech planetary kin
Red overtone dragon make your barathary spin
In the flesh with a band of merry men
Innocent civilians hari kari over yen
Is it the end or for pretend?
I can neither condemn, nor defend
Cats, that's more pussy than a sanitary napkin bin
Villain ran a scam on his imaginary rapping friend
Again, shame on us
We in the same game, put the blame on Gus
Study til your brain vomit
Just don't be out getting money when it rain comets
Armpits of funk, a bomb in the hunk a junk trunk
Metal palm on your ma's badunkadunk
In a park in a rave under three days of darkness
Tell a hater behave and spark this
With the fresh banana berry blend
Counting mad tens 'til when January begin
The other hand clutched to a pen, 24/7 much to his chagrin
Used to drink gin, now he only drink oxygen water
Mixed with shark fins that cleanse the toxins sorta
And if they ever come get me
We were sippin rum on a number one jitney
I can neither confirm nor deny
On account of the sherm all high
Villain make 'em squirm 'til her perm all dry
Sperm to her eye, to a worm to a fly
It's germs, and mad babies to kiss
Won't stop rockin except to maybe take a piss
Or soak his feet in a mineral oil vat
Holding a Rodin coil in his tin foil hat
Step aside, give him some room playa
Til the end of days he'll be the ill doomsayer Ahh, Welcome welcome. I see we have some heroes in training huh?
All masks today are two-for-one, that's uhh, one size fits all.Well maybe not you but, you got a brother that's making your face strange over here that's looking like rrrrghh
With all the masks on display there was no easy choice
You got pets? Maybe your dog needs a mask. Who was that masked dog?
You look like you can use two masks man... What if one falls off?
Maybe you wanna leave one at that special ladies house?
She thinks she knows you then boom! You got two masks on on, nobody knows who you are. . . not in these masks.Hehe
Suddenly the mask might not have been the best idea
This one really breathes
Alright now I don't need no government names but you can't be paying me in any gold doubloons, or stolen infinity jewels, or anything. I need cash money
Hey you kids messed with Murder she wrote? What about uhh Manimal? I got all 8 episodesThere's still DOOM, what of him?
What of DOOM, my dear lady? As I stood outside your door, I heard quite a bit of your story. If you wish, I'll add mine. To clear up the mystery of DOOM's transitionIs he ill?
Do he really fit the bill?
Spit to kill?
Keep things real?
Know the drill?
The ledge edge still?
Catch wreck at will?
Today's forecast, a slight chance of flurries
Slightly slim chance that they might dance to worries
And won't know what to say, break to a cutaway
DOOM like the rain known to come back another day
Like this day like now-a-day be right there
Like I, O, A, gimme half a light year
Same time it take y'all to drink a light beer
Feel the wrath of his truth just like the cast from Nightmare
Whoever got the cash, the mic, they both right here
What more can I say? keep your sights clear
Bare facts, triple naked to bare backs
He only came to jack rare tracks for your earwax
Oh snap! You hear that? Naw
DOOM stay way up in the cut like Ma and Pa
When he come out he dumb out, there he go
The villain with the illest flow in all of Mexico
All foes on some when he leave out let me know
Just so's I can breath out before I let go
Rappers is like Satchmo that you best know
Invest in free dough like Matthew Lesko
Followed by hailstorms, snow and earthquakes
Give out more toothaches than first birthday cakes
The more we reverse scripts the worse they fate
To beat y'all with dimes and dummy Anbesol shake
Now you got a rhyme tummy ache by mistake
Can't call it, can't call Jake, call cannonball face
Dig tapes and stay in great shape
Today's rap game is like one big date rape
The name ring bell like ring ding dong
He can never be wrong like Ling Ting Tong
Once heard a hit song, sounded like an annoying gong
It's so wack, I ain't wanna hit the bong
Now who get iller with the pen than I do?
And in it just to get the benjamin like Netanyahu?
Let the god bless you like Achoo!
Get you like whats that on your chest, got you
PNS beat good for you it's shredded wheat
As well as getting shredded by the metal headed lead feet
Son 'em and dead 'em like a dad that's dead beat
Beat him like a dead horse, nasty as red meat
DOOM memorize rhymes and still forgot
Call it how he see it and kill a shot, like Willard Scott
In the place to be like no iller spot
To spill a knot, it's like a chilling thriller plot
Starring the villain as the black Jesus
If it ain't the 'gnac or the Jack it's Grey Goose
Still could stay loose off grape juice regardless
Nevertheless did his best on the retarded test
It's trick questions, always kept a cheat sheet
On the microphone, a rep up before Beat Street
And beat meat that MF DOOM he stay true
If you online check the site and FAQThe lust is show the story, grodier than Mr. Crowley
For those embarrassed to know holier than Darrell Morley  habits
Paris to the Gobi bring him up to speed slowly
On the low key, Kindles is phony D
Taste stale, see the world in shades of gray-scale
Right there in black and white, protected by chain-mail
Today’s the day, made your way see ya sister'n'um
Took my little mens with her, told em loved em.. kisseded them
These over-sensitive youngins' is on some new stuff
Can't sit still and focus the time it takes to do enough
From the mean streets of the ‘Can I get a dollar dude?’
Above measure the singular pleasure of solitude
It’s your poison, if you so choose, absorb it
Veins to the brain, shoot off into orbit
How you know octagon? Or much less Tetragrammaton
To get the good stuff you gotta get out to the Amazon
With any luck you might just score locally
Keep it on the hush when you speakin' on it vocally
Then you gotta be on the in, a known member
I think I still owe 'em lil something since November, whatever
Who need credit when cash speak? Forget it
Sweatin' sittin on this package since last week
We all got weaknesses, even the functionin' dead
Some’ll end up fudgin' numbers, buggin' and lunchin' instead
It’s Netflix to the head, second best trick to get the chicks in the bedVillain!
 Thank ya...DOOM get rude with the dude off CHiPs
The mood switch, he chewed off strips of a Broodwich
Danger make a groove off a glitch
Major boo booty twitch and a crew rich bitch
Always wanted to say that
Ever since the days of hallways taunting a stray cat
The one he often frequently slapped around
All the while waited and graduated cap and gown
Hated the rap sound, debated the crap
Until he felt he had it mapped down
Enough to have the game trapped and bound
Scratched in the crown was the names of lames who yapped a noun
Or verb for that matter
Had no data for a herb who chat chatter
Oh, Erik Estrada
Fat rat, the mask made 'em batty as a mad hatter
Known for his absurd word choices
And will ignore you if you ask him if he heard voices
Look, the energy is crazy
Far as he was concerned the enemy was lazy
Ahem, your attention please
Freeze, he came to seize the free cheese
Before he flees to Belize
In case he forgot to mention, squeeze these
Just keep it on a need to know basis
They knew he was a negro so no need to show faces
Back in the days of no laces
On a slow pace they used to say he might could go places
Ehh, whatever their case is
The card he played was ace of spades, but no races
A spastic, some called loony
When he spit a tune sarcastic as Paul MooneyVillain man never ran with krills in his hand and
Won't stop rockin' til he clocked in a gazillion grand
Tillin' the wasteland sands
Raps on backs of treasure maps stacks to the ceilin' fan
He rest when he's ashes
Ask em after ten miles of his goulashes, smashes stashes
Chip on his shoulder with a slip on holster
A clip, a folder and his grip on a boulder bolster
They supposed ta know. It show when his aura glow
Get from out the row, when he get dough it's horrible
Time is money spend way save invest the fess
From ten case of cave with chicken chest S
Yes ya'll the dub will get your trickles
The best ballers pitch in to rub and get a nickels
But tut tut, he about to change the price again
It go up each time, he blow up like hydrogen
Villain here, have em shrillin' in fear
And won't stop top illin' til he a gazillionaire
Grillin' stare, yeah ya boy had drama
Got em on a mental plane, avoided bad karma
Once sold a inbred skinhead a nigga joke
Plus a brand new chrome smokin' with the triggers broke
I thought I told em "firing pins was separate"
He find out later when he tries to go an rep it
Took a Jehovah money for a Arabic Torah
Charged an advance to translate it and ignored it, sorta
One monkey don't stop no slaughter
A junkie want ta cop a quarter ton, run for the border
Know the drill, it ain't worth the overkill
Flow skill, still there's no thrill
Villa bill ya 10K bills in his pilla
Villa, when it gets realer, split the skrilla with...
Dilla,  mix, mix, mix
Do a deal for kicks and get rich quick
Sketch lyric, bet 'cha by the nick on some vic
Ick from the drumstick, come with the dumb shtick
Sick slick, hidden in a book
The only way they find it if you're spittin' in a hook
Listen, don't look now, keep walkin'
Traded three beans for this cow, cheap talkin'
Hawk men stalkin' hear that we hawkin' often
Coughin to a coffin, might as well scoff the pork then
He's like Warf, some say stronger though
Off the top J strong bow, play along bro
Wear a mask like yo off the Gong Show
Flow slow as Mongo, Don Juan thong pro
For ya info when he's not practicin' Jim Crow
A actress and some nympho bimbo
He's playin' Ray Jay the old tape
DOOM - well what can I say like JJ in a gold cape
Fill it to the rim like brim
Villain and ya won't find him in no gym
Probably a foggy bog with the frogs
With a dot on the guard as he squat on log
Half cocked and half baked
Used to keep a full stock of work half rocked and half shake
My mistake, sign a track agreement
For more G's than lines and cracks in the cement
In any event it's fake like wrestlin'
Get em like Jake The Snake on mescalines
Ahem, elixir for the dry throat
Tried to hit the high note, Villain since a itsy bitsy zygote
By remote, send in the meat wagon
Braggin' MC's packed in with they feets draggin'
These stats are staggerin'
Had his PHD in indiscreet street hagglin'
Villain, his agenda is clear
Endin' this year with dividends to spare, here
It's not meant for the seein'
Went through the celin' after enterin' his center bein'
A new meanin' to sales through the roof
Guaranteed raw and saw his truth was truth, proof
It's the return of the tramp
Who do a duet jam when Earnest goes to camp
For the right earn - na'mean like Vern
We need some more oil for the machines to burn, learn
Jiminy crickets
One mans waste is another mans soap
Sons fan base know the brotha man's dope
A real weirdo with a bug rare flow
And the way his hair grow was ugly as a scarecrow
He wears a mask so the charge won't grab
On a rooftop with a large stone slab
Heads up, talk white and thought niggerish
Refuse to walk tight and got his off the vigorous'h
Black licorice and equally as yucky
How he handled the money was strictly Dan Stuckie
Monkey hustle, man on fire
Later for the date than the Hadron Collider
And cost more, it be singin' like a style
DOOM leave the competition steamin' like a pile
Smile, ding! Sparkling jewels
In effect like alternate side of the street parkin' rules
Fools, the roach was never dead
Live for a week, then dehydrate with a severed head
Instead it was depicted as flicked in
Split the wig, slitC-Z-A-R
CZARFACE
CZARFACE
CZARFACE
D-O-O-M
CZAR—
CZAR—
CZARFACEI just lie awake and think of pleasant nights we'd spend
Under summers magic spell
But when autumn came her love did not remain
And made my world a living hell131 years savage generation
One recipe enough said
Jack Daniels old number 7 B
Quality, Tenesse, sour mash whiskey
Ooh, so many flows
Shit goes, so many ways down and below
20-10 thousand leagues under the sea
Motherfuckers never know it was me
Oh, that nigga' flew so many flows
It's like so many fly colors on the hoe toes
God dammit, motherfucker ruling whole planet
Gimme' two times, cut no shit, nah, fuck it
I'm coming through kicked the bucket one day
Motherfuckers never see a nigga parle
Like, lay in the cut, like, he never knew
Motherfucker, Super Villain
And who the fuck is you? Ooh
One two, one two
In order TO make a jam, kid
We gotta' get it back up in the zone
Mad shit the way we be spittin, when we writing shit is on
I'm fucking it up cause right now
See Imma be serious my next verse, Imma just be serious 
I be starting to laugh, that's my problem
That's my problem too, my shit sound like on some funny shit
You know what's hot? The way we keep talking
I'm taking off the headphones  to talk you you
But it's dope, cause we talkin' and still doin' it to the music
So wait, then the beat's too loud?
I keep the beats kinda low, like this and shit
No, nah I don't the levels are fucked up
Oh you mean to keep the tone down?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, kinda like riding like right there, right there, be like yo
Nope-a nope, nope
He cleans his metal mask with gasoline, they after him
Last seen pulling a chick like a fiend pull a fast one
Can't put shit past him
Got niggas on his own team mad enough to blast him
Retarded in real life, on the mic Rain Man
Stand close to his main man like a chain gang
Who give a fuck about who or they fancy crew
That's no mystery what Hardy Boys do with Nancy Drew
Sorta with her drawers down quarter
The extorter bring slaughter like "Well I oughta"
I suggest you hand over the formula doula
A villain in your land, in his land a ruler
Hard hitting like puffing a woola with Lieutenant Uhura
Every day feel like it's an off day with Ferris Bueller
Brother pull heat to prove they not sweet
No matter how you spell it, we still got beats
People question how we live, question what we give
Take it to the next leave 'em where they can't see me
Still they judge, but they be butt ass
Twist that wig like a muppet, keep it simple, can't truss it
Light's the fuel, mic is the tool
Drink Jack, kick back, drop jewel, finish what I start
Mastered the art, living hell can't explain it
Inhale confuse it more, cop the .44
Contemplate, meditate, dictate
I direct my direct fate, coming of late
Kurious, can I say shit
Do it for CottleRock, do it for K.Nit
K-N-I-T, Sub R-O-C
Only we save we
Yeah, ? 
All ya'll punk motherfuckers get schooled
Slammed on sight
By candlelight my hand will write these rhymes 'til I'm burnt out
Mostly from experience, shit that I learned about
Topics and views, generally concerned about
With different ways to come up and earn clout
I take a look at my life and pace the trails
From Tablik and savage females with fake nails to face veils
You out your frame but still bagging 'em too
You know I know, these hoes be asking me if I'm you
Like my twin brother, we did everything together
From hundred raka'at salats to copping butter leathers
Remember when you went and got the dark blue Ballys
I had all the different color Cazals and Gazelles
The "SUBROC" three-finger ring with the ruby in the "O", ock
Truly the illest dynamic duo on the whole block
I keep a flick of you with the machete sword in your hand
Everything is going according to plan manHe wants to get his girlfriend? Go get your girlfriend
Ay! And now...you is 'bout to dance, like you ain't never danced before
This one'll have you get the trash hash out the stash, as they say, "Ash to Ash"
Jewels free rash, fools ask the mask
Need me? I'll be peeing in the pool, ka-splash!
You may feel a slight drizzle
Villain—give a squealer a candlelight vigil
Couldn't find a healer with a whistle in the line of sight
And he hold the mic like a fistful of dynamite
They wonder how he built his C-note tower
All before zero hour it's tree grow power
Then he go shower to scour off the funk
And watch a so-called comp cower soft punk
The god is the oddest fella you'll find
Paid to speak his mind like Father Jealous Divine
He came to rock the banquet, rank it
Along with two of the baddest broads to act stank wit, blank spit
Dilla raise the beat like a anchor banker
Overstand the shoot and plays the heat
And shank a wanker
He drank a tank of angst, thank ya
Guess what? Chicken head butts
Hit a rhyme on time, like kicked 'em dead in the nuts
Oh... the victim had guts
Prepare to stick 'em, I'll slick 'em in the cut
Go... sell a spear chucker voodoo
Got'ed her off wholesale mare schmuck new spew
So... sell a beer trucker doodoo
Foes go to hell in a seersucker muumuu
DOOM!
Guilty!
Dilla, Dilla!
Grind for the paper, hot like Sanka
Top notch ranker, clock my banker
Dead Presidents, sick dudes - I'm the medicine
Storming in your residence when I'm in my element
No contest, I get hot and go unconscious - ya boy is automatic
Now go play in traffic, the flow is graphic
With no theatrics, still rock sold out shows for practice
Call it a walk-through. Def. The wrong one to talk to
Beef ain't nothin I can't stick a fork through
We break bread, eat good, and pour brew
Cheers!
Come toast to the one with respect to the utmost on more than one coast
GS, check the style I splash, to make the listener wanna pile my cash
King of the Hill, money is the issue
It's all on me tell 'em bring me the bill
Daddy Warbucks, shift gears in the armored truck
Like Big Daddy Kane when I warm it up
Fans scream for the two man team
Doom and Guilty - Hip Hop supreme
The denim is blue but the pockets green
Big knots in jeans, you can't stop the kings"Step aside, boy, I'mma check in that cash register."
In lak'ech, planetary kin 
Red overtone dragon make your barathary spin 
In the flesh with a band of merry men
Innocent civilians hari kari over yen 
Is it the end or for pretend?
I can neither condemn, nor defend
Cats that's more pussy than a sanitary napkin bin
Villain ran a scam on his imaginary rappin' friend 
Again; shame on us
We in the same game, put the blame on Gus
Study till your brain vomit
Just don't be out getting money when it rain comets
Armpits of funk, a bomb in the hunk-a-junk trunk
Metal palm on your ma's ba-dunk-a-dunk
In a park in a rave under three days of darkness
Tell a hater, "Behave and spark this"
With the fresh banana berry blend 
Countin' mad tens than when January begin
The other hand clutched to a pen
24/7—much to his chagrin
Used to drink gin, now, he only drink oxygen water
Mixed with shark fins that cleanse the toxins, sorta
And if they ever come get me
We were sippin' rum on a number one jitney 
I can neither confirm nor deny
On account of the sherm—all high
Villain make 'em squirm till her perm all dry
Sperm to her eye, to a worm to a fly
It's germs and mad babies to kiss
Won't stop rockin', 'cept to maybe take a piss
Or soak his feet in a mineral oil vat 
Holdin' a Rodin coil in his tin foil hat
Step aside, give him some room, player 
Till the end of days he'll be the ill doomsayer
"Step aside, boy, I'mma check in that cash register."
"Uh!"
*Grunting*: Cerrone - “Rocket In the Pocket ” ]
M.I.C.  M.I.C.  M.I.C
The Grimm
Reaper will reap, so don’t sleep or make a peep.  I’m deep
I got a shotty and it pumps like a jeep.  As it
Pump, you weep, you’re up Shit’s Creek.  I’m not
Pumping De La Soul, I’m pumping little creeps with heaps
And heaps of lead.  Like sheep, they’re led to their
Deathbed, fed instead of making bread, then left
Dead, ripped to shreds, twist and hanging like dreads
I rest heads to bed like Club Med
Get wise, realize that sometimes hypnotize
Emcees through my rhymes and lines that they memorize
Dropkick dipsticks, built like thick sticks
Or toothpicks.  I kick ass quick and sick like a
Karate flick, chop you like a brick, you tick
Flame-broiled or either fried, the Burger King’ll mix
Thought you’re dope, but you’re shit, you dick.  I stick niggas up
‘Cause I’m a lunatic, my victims are handpicked
You’re wiped off like lipstick, seasick or homesick
Pretend I’m dead then beat that ass with a broomstick
Say one word, and, yes, your ass I’ll chase
That’s not gas, that’s fear in your face.  After
Words, no handshake.  You’re soft like cheesecake
Tough like beefsteak but sweet like shortcake
A young star, by far, that’s up to par
No matter who you are, I’ll be ready to spar
‘Cause the mic is a crowbar, my rhymes are solar
Classy like a Jaguar, the microphone all-star
Grimm’s a die-hard, chill on the boulevard
With my bodyguard who’s big like a St. Bernard
So war I declare, so beware it’s unfair ‘cause
You can’t compare gold to silverware
 
I destroy!
Get the fuck out my path, you’re interfering with me
Go against me, nigga, you don’t want no deals with me
Your flows
Are dead to my demented sentences
Relentless pain, no Novocain, I drill like
A dentist, you couldn’t prevent this.  Hard like
Cement tape, musical rape leave you hanging like drapes
I crush microphones like they were grapes on
Tour, I make a lot of papes, but the
Words you heard, I mend, designed, and shape up
Bent this track, sent his wack apprentice
Ass right back to the drawing board.  He was
A joke to the rhyme overlord
Overlord overlord, so catch
The wave like coke or just float like a surfboard
Stomp in the streets, I tear up clubs
You reach for the mic, and I’ll leave you with nubs
I fry brain cells like a bag of chips
When a rapper try to flip or either give me lip
Catch me at my maddest, that’s when I write my
Baddest shit, then I lock like a pick.  On the
Paper, sick ‘em.  Another victim for the musical
Raper, rhyme-ripper, style-stripper, none hipper.  Sharp
Like a nail clipper, I’m Bigger than both of the Dippers
And very dapper, I’ll go deeper, then flip her
But when it come to rappers, rappers, rappers
Huh, y’all just little whippersnappers
So what up?  What up?  Punk, shut up!
Or get your jaw broke like Razor Ruddock
Awww shit, I’m at it again
Chasing motherfuckers like I’m Rin Tin Tin
The final chapter, no more laughter as I
Bomb your ass just like the day after
No nuclear warheads ‘cause, instead, all
Rhymes are launched by the kid who’s fed
With infrared to pinpoint the joint or
The place or the person I chase’s face, so
Walk and don’t try to talk when I stomp or stalk
I don’t discriminate, Grimm Reaper hates
All emcees who grab the microphone
Yes, I dislike them whether they’re friend or foe
So, yo, I start to throw deadly body blows
Eight-punch combos, I turn stars into John
Does, so if you see me at a show, you better
G-O and tiptoe your ass out the fucking door
I film my shows with a handy-cam
Before I go on I sip, some brandy and
Sprinkle sweet rhymes like the Candyman
And I cripple emcees, I’ll make ‘em Handi-Man
I destroy!  Get the fuck out my pathIn the year of 1994
A motherfucking earthquake just hit New York
You know what I'm saying
Earthquake is here
Straight up
I'm wrecking niggas like pencils on a piece of white paper
When I fuck up I can just use my eraser
Deck em, rub em' out and have much clout
Like Damon Wayans Bruce Willis on the Last Boy Scout
My pockets rollin' thick like a milkshake
I overflow the party cuz that shit says earthquake
I get on stage, start to rake em, I bake em
I use A-1 sauce and eat that nigga like steak-um
Earthquake is up when they come to 
I eat em' out like stuffin' on my microwave oven
I get the nack when I pack
A 3-5-7 in my sack
Cuz I'm short of a new jack
Aw heck, here's a peck on yo' cheek
I fold em and roll em' and dunk em like Dominique
I get the inspiration
When I see the girls in jubilation
Racing to my place and
Wanna touch my face
As I start to pace and race
Brush em' off like toothpaste
So think twice if you wanna step to this miss
I'll have ya burnin' like 
Hey up ya can't leave without no say so
If we were in Cuba, I'd take all ya pesos
So giddyup, this is earthquake on ya stereo
Fuck with me I leave ya soggy like some cereal
I'm gone, checkmate
Make a move like chess then checkmate
I make a move like check, nigga then checkmate
Move like chess, nigga, checkmate
I make a move like chess, nigga
Then I yell checkmate
Back as the invisible killer up on yo' screen
So get yo neck thumpin' between my guillotine
Checking magazine for X the unseen
Mad niggas know what I mean
I come clean as a whistle
Or filthy as my last pistol
Mine get you now- BUST
I get down to the bristle and burn em'
Like from up under the mistletoe
With the ho and she ain't even
Nasty like a flow- "check!"
Swish, i'm the suspicious, vicious X
So shit, i'm on a mish to gut this punk like a...
Yo probably wish I say like a fish
But busta how I front punk
I gut em' like a blunt
And my middle finger, index
And thumb, a bum from a bum nigga
A son of a gun
Squeeze the trigger I let looser
Looser than the bullshit ya used to
I jam like a tec' I am the slut seducer
Master of the zero harasser of yo' zip code
Disaster to the superhero, flipmode
In 93' I heard mad emcees that annoyed me
Like DTs on CDs
Checkmate
I make a move like that, then I yell checkmate
Makin' moves like chess, nigga, checkmate
I make a move like chess nigga then I yell checkmate
Makin' moves like chess, kid, checkmate
I cremate, dominate
Then sell some lemonade
10 cents a cup, little kid
Then I terminate like Arnold
Schwarzenegger
I am a little bigger
Ten shades darker than that
With the itchy finger
My whole game is a bible
I kill a nigga dead
With some lead
And put my head on his  bible
I swear to God I didn't do it
It's just another day of my life
 i'm sick and you niggas knew it
I'm crossing criss cuz i'm pissed
Time to diss
 for doing a motherfucking twist
I hid the body now it's over
The cops are havin' a really bad time finding that ass like a four leaf clover
So before you check me and try to do me
Quick, I kick ya ass just like Hong Kong-Phooey 
Checkmate
I just crossed the board and I got checkmate
I just crossed the board and I got checkmate
I just crossed the board and I got checkmate
I got the checkmate I got the checkmateMF DOOM & MF Grimm - “Dragon’s Blood + Cayenne = 1000 Degrees”
: MF Grimm]
: MF DOOM ]
: Spider-Man - “The Devious Dr. Dumpty” ]
: Les Baxter - “Hogin’ Machine” ]
“There they go: the clown and the two thugs”
“Hey”
MF!  MF!
MF!  MF!
MF!  MF!
MF!  MF!
MF!  MF!
MF!  MF!
MF!  MF!
MF Grimm is hard as hell
Murder anybody, I don’t care who you tell
I bust shells, they all fell
World domination started sitting in my cell
Potential, kinetic, only time tell
Pressing up units for more to make ‘em sell
Messing up universe, fractal cause chaos
Communicate with the dead, Grimm is in a seance
Don’t take it personal.  This is strictly business, kid
Nosy niggas wanna hang around, we’re killing witnesses
We’re into torture, have you tied up, hollering
Bleed, let you die slow, in Heaven, hovering
Face my adversaries, every confrontation conquered and
Faces of my adversaries, mutilation, severed and
Traces of my adversaries exist, it’s like they never did
Other cases involving Percy Carey, yes, I did a bid
Dream what the Feds feel, war, pistol-whipping pigs
Old toupee type, Grimm’s probably twisting wigs
Not a stranger to getting hands dirty, clothes bloody
Either mine or an enemy or a close buddy
We’ve come to terms, this the life we lead.  Some
Burn from it, Lucifer indeed.  They
Can’t separate their wants from needs.  Some
Learn from it and try to teach the seeds
A new breed coach seeds, supply power.  Others throw
Salt in the game—let ‘em roast like they’re sunflowers
Hail gun power, sparks I sneeze
Your style stinks, and I’m Febreze
I’m Evahflowin’, so I rhyme for Breeze
Then, willing, I rhyme for cheese
Manhattan, murdering, lay you down with ease.  Manhattan
Clam chowder, a thousand degrees.  Niggas
Nowadays, take your eye off, you’re a goner.  If I
Think you’re a snitch, then I throw a cup of water on you
Hit team, fly through, kill you on your own corners
Second team, flight crew, mow ‘em down—that’s how it scatters
Some have kids, but when it’s on, it doesn’t matter
Defeat that, they’ll hunt you later, the ones now that pitter-patter
Hit baby formula, Similac, crack splatter
Fox Five covering.  Kill reporter, take camera
Gun fire?  Ducking it, hunted like Al Qaeda
Strictly with my mind, choking niggas like I’m Darth Vader
Stick me on the crucifix, reappearing days later
Fuck Jacob’s Ladder.  Time’s changed, use an elevator
Life is a struggle, so Day By Day’s the Entertainment
Day By Day, we make our moves, so competition hit the pavement
Ghetto politicians, recognition, move the crowd, I’m waving
Shaking hands and kissing babies, maybe they’ll assassinate me
Fully automatic, rapid fire bullets fill me
Six Million Dollar Man, stronger they rebuild me
A hybrid: Michael Corleone
With the perspective of Michael Concepcion, so if
You fuck with me, then, nigga, it’s on.  With
The clock, moving palms with Viktor Vaughn
I make it “Rain Blood” with Megalon
Brothers in the street know that Grimm’s a don
Yes, a made man trapped in a wasteland
They know my mind’s a refinery, so they keep an eye on me
Change life for comrades before they all die on me
I sacrifice mine before they all die on me
Double-O-7, tuxedo niggas spy on me
Unavoidable, death will occur
Niggas left shaken, not stirred
On video surveillance, Grimm is blurred
Put me under the jail, that’s what they prefer
I don’t give a fuck, tuck my gun in my waist
Tie my belt tight so it stays in place
Get out my chair, crawl up the steps
No elevator, so they don’t feel I’m a threat
But, believe me, I’ma get ‘em, and that you can bet
Think it’s a prank, nothing to see but a knock
As he opens the door, I’m on the floor with a Glock
Homemade suppressor, so the noise won’t start
Most in his face, a few in his heart
Without a trace, I slithered down the stairs
Upper body strength, I’m back in my chair
‘Cause, when I’m mad, nigga, I don’t care
You talk shit from far, I’ma leave you there
Reach for your gun, it’s done in vain
Grimm ain’t the one, you’ll be left in pain
Bullets pollute blood, infect the brain
I move fast with Kurious, we’re “Shifting Lanes”
Many get jealous ‘cause money we stack
Every time they try to kill me, I come right back!
“Doc, Doc!  Here he comes again!  What do we do?!?”
Surrender: The 5th Dimension - “Requiem: 820 Latham”]
10 years later
I’m blessed and still breathing
But I gotta tell you, Jay, things are not greater
As you know, many more lives were terminated
So even more scars accumulated
Memories engraved deep, not faded
Death came, passed, no Sunday shaded
But I know without you, Jay, I’d have never made it
10 years later
Thinking about you, brother, all the time 
Talking to you most of my rhymes
Things are not better, Jay.  Feel me?
More scars, more memories 
Hoping that the babies don’t suffer 
Tell ‘em that, “An MF love ya” 
Clutched in the hands of poverty
More scars, more memories 
Traveled through the years, jealousy
Became a cancer to the family
Quest for money divided us
Feels like they forgot you died for us
Feels like God just lied to us
Life on Earth is death to us
Not saying I can’t be wrong
Just saying, about this, I feel strong
: MF Grimm] 
Thinking about you, brother, all the time 
Talking to you most of my rhymes
Things are not better, Jay.  Feel me?
More scars, more memories 
Hoping that the babies don’t suffer 
Tell ‘em that, “An MF love ya” 
Clutched in the hands of poverty
More scars, more memories 
: MF Grimm]
To the mighty Subroc, Big L, T., K-Nitt.  10 years later.  Yves St. Larock, KK, and to all the other ones who left this Earth too soon.  Rest in peace.  K-Nitt, Subroc, Yves St. Larock, Big L.  Rest in peace.  And to all others who left this Earth too soon
Let me just calm down, get myself together.  Like I told you, I don’t just endorse anything.  I don’t just walk into a studio and say, “This is hot,” or put my name or put my image on something just because.  I’m telling you this man is hot.  I’ve known this man for many years, aight?  Taking it back to the X-Ecutioner days, when Roc Raida was his DJ and he was getting down in the streets, he has continued on and done his thing, and this is the culmination of all that right here: Special Herbs + Spices Volume OneLooks like I hit the jackpot! 
That's the best part of all! I'm working for the biggest group of villains this world has ever known! We're led by the man himself!   Doom's got a plan that's gonna shake the heavens...You wanna get tough punk?! Good! Time to get the feta!"He’s a super—"
Hero
Jet Jaguar's a superhero
Jet Jaguar's a superhero
Jet Jaguar's a superhero
Jet Jaguar's a superhero
Here to save rap
Always working on new flows, not the same crap
Operation Doomsday, the day after mission
Hot to death, iron chef, vocals in the kitchen
The world wants to know how we follow up a classic
Did we lose our hunger?  Do we have the magic?
Day By Day, Metal Face, together, yes, we build this
Now it’s double homicide because, again, we killed this
MF DOOM and MF Grimm
Put ‘em back together—and you can’t win
‘Cause it can’t lose, so, what the hell?
While others choose to rock ‘em, we kill you with bells
I’ll resurrect you with some Special Herbs
Or we’re hurting birds with some special words
Punks think they’re gangsta, but they’re really herbs
‘cause when they empty a clip, it’ll test your nerves
Gangsta keep a straight face—you start to swerve
All that street shit change, you’re on the curve
Hollering like a bitch, what happened to the hard-talk?
Street shit is gone, now you’re driving on the sidewalk
Destiny is moving, looking at you funny
They see you were driving in the streets for the money
Lost your respect, now your face you try to hide
We refuse to stop and let you slide
I know this is eating you up inside
Day By Day distribution now worldwide
No longer honorable, you’re a fucking crook
You better get new guidance, your manager is shook
Hiding behind cellphones and emails
He’s a little bitch, between his legs is his tail
Three years ago, I left—that’s a fact—
But now I came back to save rap!
Jet Jaguar's a superhero 
Jet Jaguar's a superhero 
Jet Jaguar's a superhero 
Jet Jaguar's a superhero 
Jet Jaguar's a superhero 
Jet Jaguar
Jet Jaguar 
Jet Jaguar
Jet Jaguar
Jet Jaguar
Jaguar 
Day by day, Metal FaceBatman and Robin, head bobbin', no Joker Penguin
You see him freezin' up like Mr. Freeze, Catwoman on the mind
The Batmobile design, Alfred the butler
Dynamic-duo hustlers
Burn rubber, Gotham City, I'm spinnin' in the gutter
Left the Batcave full of computers, the Mad Hatter
The realest, see my boss red like Twizzlers
I'm so hot like Hot Wheels, color shifters
Diagonal over Gotham City lookin' pretty
The caped crusader continue through the stages like a player
Pullin' up on The Joker while he playing poker
King Tut hoppin' out the range rover with brolic shoulders
Green Hornet and Kato see the Lamborghini doors open
Same rims on the BM as the Lotus
Dark blocks and they pop like pop rocks
Your girl on the cock, she jock a lot, the next episode, reload
Cock the swammy back, don't hesitate, react, believe dat
They defecate where they eat at
More repulsive than the Boars Head logo
The trees had em seein' impulses in slow-mo, whoa
A whole lot of funk, a whole lot of drunk, who knows?
Could've did a line of bump with Donald Trump
He hear voices in his head, he gotta jump
Not now, too much lactose, gotta dump
A wise owl, growl with a mean scowl
A stand up dude even when he seeing foul, meanwhile
The world keeps on spinnin'
It seems the forces of evil keep on winnin'
Change of plans, and I'll take that off your hands
Retreat back to the cave with your mans
Super Vill, salute Milk D, top bill
Top notch or chop meat and chop krill
In the mix of trappin' and gun clappin'
DOOM, 25 years in, son slappin'
Wrote the key to life down on some napkin
Can't find it, whoever do is like-mindedMF DOOM - “Doomsday ”
: MF DOOM]
: Mister Jason]
I used to cop a lot, but never copped no drop
Hold mics like ponytails: tight and bob a lot
Stop, stick around, come through and dig the sound
Of the fly, brown, sickled, sicko psycho who throws his dick around
Bound to go three-plat, came to destroy rap
It’s an intricate plot of a b-boy strapped
Femstat cats get kidnapped, then release
A statement to the press, let the rest know who did that
Metal Fist terrorists claim responsibility
Broken household name usually said in hostility
Um... what is MF?  You silly
I’d like to take “Mens to the End” for two milli’
“Doo-doo-doo-doo-doo!”  That’s an audio daily double
Rappers need to fall off just to save me the trouble. yo
Watch your own back.  Came in and go out alone, black
Stay in the zone, turn H2O to Cognac
“On Doomsday” - Sample from MF DOOM - “Doomsday”
“Operation: Doomsday”
“MF?  You silly” - Sample from MF DOOM - “Doomsday”
“Operation: Doomsday”
I wrote this one in B.C.D.C. O-section
If you don’t believe me, go get bagged and check then
Cell number 17, up under the top bunk
I say this not to be mean, wish bad luck or pop junk
Pop the trunk on C-Cipher Punk, leave him left scraped
God forbid, if ain’t no escape, blame MF tape
Definition: “Supervillain,” a killer who love children
One who is well-skilled in destruction as well as building
While Sidney Sheldon teaches the trife to be trifer
I’m trading science fiction with my man, the live lifer
A pied piper holler a rhyme, a dollar and a dime
Do his thing, ring around the white collar crime.  Get out
My face, asking ‘bout my case.  You need toothpaste
Refresher mint, monkey-style nigga the Dentadent
And dope fiends still in their teens, shook niggas turn
Witness, real mens mind their own business
That’s the difference between sissy-pissy rappers that’s
Double Dutch, how come I hold the microphone double-clutch
C.O.’s make rounds, never had ox found
On shakedown, lockdown, wet dreams of Fox’ Brown
“On Doomsday” - Sample from MF DOOM - “Doomsday”
“Operation: Doomsday”
“MF” - Sample from MF DOOM - “Doomsday”
“Doom”
“Operation: Doomsday”
“MF” - Sample from MF DOOM - “Doomsday”
“Doom”
“Definition: ‘Supervillain’” - Sample from MF DOOM - “Doomsday”
Some M-er F-ers don’t like how Sally walk
I’ll tell y’all fools it’s hella cool how ladies from Cali talk
Never let it interfere with the Yeti ghetto slang
Nicknames off nibbling tip of nipple: Metal Fang
Known amongst hoes for the bang-bang, known amongst
Foes for flow without no talking orangutans
Only gin and Tang guzzled out a rusty tin
Can.  Me and this mic is like yin and yang
Clang!  Crime don’t pay.  Listen, youth
It’s like me holding up the line at the kissing booth
I took her back to the truck, she was uncouth
Spitting all out the sunroof through her missing tooth
But then she has a sexy voice, sound like Jazzy Joyce
So I turnt it up faster than a speeding knife
Strong enough to please a wife, able
To drop today’s math in the 48 keys of life
Cut the crap.  Far as rap, touch the mic
And get the same shit a Arab will do to you for stealing
What the Devil?  He on another level
It’s a word!  No, a name!  MF the Supervillain!
Doomsday!Both hands clusty, chilling with my man Rusty
Low down, blew off the burner kinda dusty
The world can't touch Ghost, purple tape, Rae co-host
Monty Hall expo, intellect, you read pro
Son trifling fuck, wildflower on the cycle and
Picked up the broom thought I was Michael-in'
West Brighton Pool, now I'm into Iron Duels
Turn Nuns to Earths Whoopi, she at Allah school
Inhale break beats of hell A-Alikes propel parallel
Duracell knot, you flash a burnt cell
Snap out of CandyLand kids, the old rumor is
Blacks become immune and shit, we never did
Like eating dead birds, trust the pharmacy over herbs
Men marrying men, ill they got the urge, pulsar
Scissor hand wig vanished in the winter, living off land
You god damn right I fuck fans, king me
Check checkmate props like the micro chip founder
Neck to neck stock with Bill Gates now
When we hug these mics we get busy
Come and have a good time with G-O-D
Make you snap your fingers or wiggle
Scream, shout, laugh or just giggle
Shake that body, party that body
Don't fuck with Ghost you'll feel sorry
That's word, I'm not the herb
Understand what I'm saying, saying, saying
Hit mics like Ted Koppel, rifle expert
Let off the Eiffel, burn a flag in your grass, spiteful
Ringleader set it off, rap Derek Jeter
Culprit, prince of the game wish you could see us
We lay low glitter wax full bangles
Priceless ropes, lay around the God get tangled
Woolly hair, eyes fiery red, feet made of brass
Twelve men following me, it be the God staff
Move, every script's like Miramax
Smash the big boy, totalled it, Wilshire and Fairfax
Son beaming wifey on the beach, sipping Zima
Wu 'binos, to latinos, we love Selena
Overnight, God schedules, Fed-Ex
Pretty soloette velvet nice DNA scroll genetics
Too hot, to handle one thought from scrambling the mandolin
Hundred game Wilt Chamberlain, smack 'em, say when
He rolling up, face wrinkled up, hands is on his nuts
Yo kid stop fronting on the ground 'fore you get touched
It's Canada Dry sess with Allah, son
We want rye, we want it so bad we might cry
Yo, I don't understand how these cats sip daiquiris
Like it's all good down at the hit factory
Be on 54th, whole clique backing me
All that click clackery takes your wrist wrappery
I ain't no rapper, b, I skeet Uzis
And I can't act, turned down 3 movies
So gimme your chain, your jewels and your cash
And your fast food, I'll eat your food fast
My rude ass, carries 3 weapons
And I'll give your face a c-section and keep stepping
Who else in a hurry to mirk
We kill girls, rape em', bury their skirts
Imagine me wake up 7:30 for work 
I'd rather run the streets in a 730 with work
But met this knucklehead, thought he want a order
Came and asked me stop pitching to his daughter
Y'Serious? This man can't be
Be glad I'm not in her damn panties
Got a damn handy
How you going to ever ask stop carrying candy
I'm going to sell to anybody in your damn family
Your Uncle Tom, your Aunt Tammy, your Grandmammy
Your right hand man Randy, understand me
In Atlanta I got an outlandish land piece and a matching land
Desert-colored: Sandy
You know the one with the whips, THATS ME
The one with the chips and the chips, THATS ME
The one with the toast, pants saggy, yelling out get at me
Get at me, nigga, THATS ME
The one that be running and dodging, YOU
The one that be sucking mad dick, YOU
The one that's scared of some yay yo
Always wanna lay low, cause your girl say so, YOU, biatch
I could show you some ice
Throw you advice
You not that good dog, who told you you're nice
Ay, yo your crew, switch siders
When I come through, hey Cam
Dick riders
But I only mess with Navigators 528
6 drivers, big buyers, where you live we live liver
Come through, stick your suppliers
Mack so many hoes, dick in saliva
Gash her up, ma, put it on you mouth
Then I grab her neck and try to take her tonsils out
And I don't got beef, I don't play those games
If I did though believe me I would say y'all names
Go to your house, red dot scope your crib
Smack your earth, snatch your seeds, choke your wiz
My crew split it was my mistake
But to my nigga Duke we all make mistakes
I'm going to get shit right if I spend my cake
Jimmy, I'm a get you up out of 5h
This is for my niggas that load the pipe
Saying I'm the best just not promoted right
You know my life
Drink, smoke, roll some dice
Control the hiest
Know I'm a patrol your schiest
We all get schiestLooks don't count better off judg—
I wanna, I wanna, I wanna—
Motherfucker, it's my goddamn honor
To eat a sucka MC like a hot lamb döner
Respect rook check dope blind dialectic
Took the perspective of open-minded skeptic
Where your skeptical's looks don't count
Better off judgin' by rhymebooks and sheer amounts
And work backwards from there
Angle of attack on a track was like a spear through the clear air *tongue-click*
What's your status? It's don status
Reserved for those who chose to go beyond madness
'Cause we like "Villain you must be out your taboggin' hoggin it's a horror"
Eatin' MC's like there's no tomorrow starvin'
Welcome to the club registration
We be waitin' right here collectin' off our nations revelation
Sensations of latter day saints
Immortalized in black splattered spray paint, Faint
Ain't live and direct and kept his eye on the game
Like SpyTec
Mic check
Villain get booted out your online school
Student got straight-up A's in divine rule
Quicker than a sleight of hand like, "Damn"
Telepathy and telekinesis faster than InstaGram
See what he said, layin' his wood, get paid is at
From the States to your estate flat, ain't thatSmack it up, flip it, pulled out, 'bout to fail
Sunday in the A-T-L and I'm all outta ale
Like a bat out of hell, tripped on a cat tail
Mutt drinkin out a pail, who let the rat out the cell?
Got all the ingredients and recipe, might as well
Since last week the bootlegger been in jail
If all else fail, inhale the ale
Makin sure they can't see your sale via snail mail
Mind like a sewer, servin rhyme on a skewer
Doom'll step to a fine dime like he knew her
My black sister, she said "Step back" before he kissed her
She did the dipper and the smack just missed her
There go a list of politics like Henry Kissinger
99% of rap is just a friendly issue to
I'm like these dudes must have some screws loose to hate y'all
Or a couple of ounces short of deuce-deuce or 8 Ball
Y'all know it's time for the end, when the day come
Buy an album, get rudely insulted over fake drums
Same CD's you get for free, you break 'em
Wa-alaikum, make 'em eat they food like steak'um
Why she wanna ask me if I could pass the paparika?
One hand on the mic, the other on the beaker
Every week or so peaked out the lab though, eureka
A technique to keep somethin uniquer in your speaker
For yo' information, I didn't do the beat y'all
It ain't my fault, if she didn't move her feet at all
Skeeter, got Peter to pay Paul
So you can drink it on Mary so she can play ball
... So let her have my scrilla
And cut it out with all that funny hand jive will ya?
All this trouble for a tall glass of Olde E
Drink it all fast, make you haul ass slowly
And rhymin to remember what you told me
Holey moley, did you get a load of her roley poley?
Yo G, remind me to remember what you told me
Whoever don't feel him build walls like a goalie
One for the money, two for the better green
Three for methanine-dioxymethamphetamine
Told the knock kneed ghetto queen get the head fiend
Tell him it's for Medellín and use oxyacetylene
Who needs airplay, it's all just hearsay
Leave a wig like it was havin a bad hair day
Miracle glide master, asked him what's his secret
He said Shasta, and turned to formaldehyde faster
When I'm home with my lady, I try to duke her daily
One night she tried to flail me with her ukelele
Pack your heat, the Villain on the cover of Black Beat
With a bunch of crackers and some snack meat
... You better have my scrilla
Cut it out with all that funny hand jive will ya?
All this trouble for a tall glass of Olde E
Drink it all fast, make you haul ass slowly
Remind me to remember what you told me
Holey moley, did you get a load of her roley poley?
Yo G, remind me to remember what you told me
And if you don't feel him build walls like a goalieMF DOOM & MF Grimm - “Arabic Gum + Ajowan = No Snakes Alive Pt. 3”
: MF Grimm]
: MF DOOM ]
Locked down, learned law, represented pro se
Got released, mental beast did become Percy
Open gates, let me out.  Mach speed, return to Monsta
Island, summon all monsters, spit fire
World burning.  Purgatory, many moons, many men
Many made it out, and many go again
Many ways to make money in the streets, so many come
Many die young ‘cause the ghetto’s many guns
Harlem days, Harlem nights, path of money making
Harlem death, Harlem life, some get taken
Harlem world at war, bullets hit, you’re aching
Body at Harlem hospital, in surgery, Harlem shaking
Better way?  Gotta be.  Day By Day, try to see
Focus on future, meditate on positivity
I’m immortal, you could never kill me.  My voice
Echo for eternity, threats don’t concern me
Now know true power
Is within, radiate to the people
Pure focus, no hocus pocus
Superstar Jet Jag, showbiz
So you know this, now I slow down
‘Cause I realize I’m speeding, and I give a
Moment of silence for the brothers who no longer here
I love you all!
‘Til we meet again, my weapon is the pen
Same agenda, no snakes alive in the end
No breaks this time for fake-ass friends
Left dead-bent, decipher what is meant
Question for the hip hop mass:
Who will grab a mic and wax an emcee’s ass?
Who could be three years behind and fly fast?
Jet Jag blast past where others catch crash
Music Platos predicted Percy, planet’s Pluto
Problem: king pissed, one head on the platter
Pest, Percy preach power to the people
Yes, punish him, place him in prison
Provoke him, play him, take away his privileges
Planet of the Apes, Caesar educate the savages
Settings starve him, reduce daily ration
Strip search, shake cells, see for shanks stashing
Swallowed by a system of six-day sores
Who hypnotize society?
Even though suffer slow, I
Still saddled my sanity.  Most
Think it’s cool to kill kin and go to
Correctional facilities for eternity
It must stop!
Free Mumia   Free Mumia.  I didn’t come here to make friends, motherfuckers.  I came here to piss niggas off.  That’s right.  What?!?  It’s working.  That’s right.  That’s right.  Let’s get this shit going.   Manhattan,  New York.  Jet Jaguar a killer mongoose.  No snakes alive.  Once again.   Keep breeding ‘em, keep killing ‘em.  MF DOOM, MF Grimm.  J. Marty, what up?Keep your mind on your mask, kid
Holler for my classics, it's drastic
Villain the hydrochloric acid, splashed it
Pull the Nine, reached then he blasted, Pow!
Pin stripes on a basket
New York style wild
Cheddar grab easy
It's only entertainment though, when thought out completely
Sad demeanor, could get him the drop and bag cleaner
Master schemer
Expert in that arena
Puffin' Pasadena
You read the grass was greener
Black beamer
I8 she gyrate
Rubbing shoulders with pigs don't fly straight
Just ate, causing indigestion
Will soon regurgitate, into profits, no question
Nosy agent sniffing around, pay attention
You could take that to the bank
"Thanks", don't mention
Pleasure's all mine, ain't mad at y'all
Clear advantage like playing paddle ball on adderall
Be brief, that is all
Aight, one more rhyme
Self-snitching rappers who's lines is pure pork rinds
It's yours, it's his, and mine
Your homework space cubical, smirk face crucible
Super luminal, , loose pull
Need to re-roll that, he sold stat old hat
And Dungarees, new shoes for baby
Food, clothing and shelter, no if ands or maybes
Maintain the gravy train, laid claims of slavery
Bad investment banking, the best went blanking
Shitting, stanking
Witnessing the slang king, hypnotist ranking
And don't quit
Keep your mind on your mask, kid
Holler for my classics, it's drastic
DOOM, hydrochloric acid, splashed it
Pull the Nine, reached then blasted, Pow!MF DOOM ft. King Geedorah, Jet Jaguar, and Rodan - “No Snakes Alive ”
: King Geedorah, Jet Jaguar, and Rodan]
: MF DOOM ]
Geedorah has arrived, you guys could take five
By the time it’s over, no snakes alive
Take the dive, I’m telling you, you’re better off
Then up against the flow that make her take her sweater off
From the setoff, when it came to scripts, he could hardly brag
It’s the result of concentration and lollygag
I said, “Yeah right.”  He pulled a mic out a snotty rag
Was sealed up air-tight, and tied up in a body bag
Get an advance and catch chance writer’s block.  After
Spending the first and last penny, my own worst enemy
Tell me if I’m OD’ing.  Use a flow
And made deals with these cats who keep sending dough, so
The Three-Headed set it, never get busted
He’s a man of his word who’s yet to be trusted
Beats encrypted, multi-faceted, encrusted
Sweaty palm, keep mic rusted
Sort of mellow type of fellow
Who sometimes spaz on wife like Othello
Hell no.  He only works like Illuminati
Or Gotti.  All shotty, he might use karate
Azar the Gaza caught cut, I’ll ask why
A mask with the ball-style caps saying, “That’s fly”
Exact dough ‘til it stack high
The white hoes, black guys, the rap game’s black eye
Exhilaration, Jet Jag’s accelerations
Touch speeds minds can’t conceive
Achieve altered altitudes and angles, angels answer
Aura, illumination, awesome interpretation
Awkward alarm, ankle house arrest
Who’s best?  Monster Island Czars
Crush pawn dreams to be king
A frank reality, calculation could never be
Quest destined, distant competition dusted
Disgusted, race for second, crowded, clouded
Confusion, conclusion: simple, plain
Self-education, self-made millionaires
Serpents slithering, sidewinds searching
Stalking, heat-sensing, can’t have me
Jet Jag’s Rikki-Tikki-Tavi, superhero
Hit zero to sixty, hot pursuit, pedal to
The floor, handling
Lyrics, traction
Swerving left, right
Making head-fakes
Playing high stakes
Levitates
Quick!  Hit breaks, they fly past, hit wall, parts
Fly loose, killer mongoose
Fake niggas continue to practice the art of intimidation
Sterile minds conceive thought for artificial insemination
Syntax the sequence, arranging lessons so deliberate, making
Wise words clear, but population stay illiterate
Consider it.  Gods define power, fools get rid of it, men build
Dreams on promises but lacking the will to deliver it
Yo, I dissolve connivers like saliva on tic-tacs gone
Astray, but get the job done like socks that’s mismatched
Flip tracks, murder snakes, drunk niggas killing six packs
Choking on venom, suffering tricknological kickbacks
Poverty-stricken minds with thoughts barely worth two cents
Build history through time, linear design on blueprints
A nuisance lies in disguise, Eighty-Five Percent never knew
Wise men arise, pull files like Internal Revenue
Forever true, opposing self-evidence with leverage
Upset the beast belly, concoct homogenized beverage
Clever shit, calculated sabotage, Trojan Horse
Giftwrapped ambush, we put energy in motion that grows in force
Chosen swords strategically aligned throughout the underworld
God of Elevation kill Superman, rape Wondergirl
Police character decapitated, fake beings susceptible
To everyday occurrence, a fatal outcome’s inevitable
Might as well join the force
Boss.  Chance?  Take a loss like a coin-toss
Roll with a double-headed nickel
While the partner Jet Jag with the sickle, you in a pickle
King Geedorah, your ass needs to leave him alone
‘Fore he cold-catch a seizure and then you’re blown
If he ain’t the best, he’s the best in
The top three out of myself, I, and meThe Green HornetMF DOOM & MF Grimm - “Bergamot + Sumac = Rain Blood Pt. 2”
: MF Grimm]
: MF DOOM ]
: Gino Vannelli - “Appaloosa” ]
I’m possessed by Huey P. Newton
Feds stress me out, then we’re shooting
Keep going, we’ll start it by elders
Take best shot, brain made of Kevlar
Got crown back, wear it like Babar
MF Grimm is Superstar
Jet Jaguar, my heroes kill cowboys
Go in trance and do rain dance
Beats drumming, summon ancestors
Help conquer all aggressors
Die for people is a pleasure
Satisfaction is beyond measure
Drop jewels so babies can treasure
Drop fools who rely on weak methods
Pimp they own—fuck what you stand for
Bling-bling, anything you fall for
Cha-ching, for the money, you sell out
Misleading the youth, get the hell out
They give you their money, you buy diamonds
You selfish bastard, I hope you die then
You need to feed your people
Born dead from American hunger
Kill more cowboys, I wonder
Go in trance and do rain dance
For fallen comrades 
 For the brothers on lockdown 
 For the sisters who hold it down 
 Show we don’t fuck around 
 Die like a warrior 
 Uplift the people 
 The struggle continues 
 Rain blood , rain blood 
Jet Jag stay at war, I hear gunshots
Robot override computer
Capable of stopping riots
But able to incite riots
Foresight be on fourth dimension
Microphone transform all tension
My heroes kill cowboys, I mention
Go in trance and do rain dance
We howl at moon in broad daylight
Wolves lost their mind, we don’t live right
No love, we kill off each other
We need to love each other
We are disappearing, my brothers
Through drugs and these guns, murder
Through pistols and prison, I’m awakened
Go in trance and do rain dance
At those who oppress us 
 We are the people 
 Three-fifths a man—what?!? 
 Fuck being a slave 
 Rather be in my grave 
 Die like a warrior 
 Bust shots at the clouds 
 Rain blood , rain blood 
Expose those flows, who’s really fakers
And dance on their ass ‘cause I’m a rainmaker
Jet Jaguar, spins cause whirlwinds
Godzilla kicking down buildings
Monstas on the Island are illing
Some clone us, end up like Gilligan
Take them all to war, I’m willing
MF is gone, peace to Megalon
For fallen comrades 
 For the brothers on lockdown 
 For the sisters who hold it down 
 Show we don’t fuck around 
 Die like a warrior 
 Uplift the people 
 The struggle continues 
 Rain blood , rain blood 
I missed a lot of shit againListerine green jars, sick cleans jalla be a emma
Thick queens, mamma mia robs jalapeno peppers
Click mean large, brick seen mirage is ours
Quick mean cause, strict deen Allah
Make your quota, check your clock shock taqwa
Concoct the potion, blue liner lotion, call it aqua
Tock you on watch, sure ahk, salaat two rak'at
Four to roll in extorter mode, loose spot too hot
Here you go ma, for you boo, that's coco mango
She let her hang go, her man said "yo no tango"
Bangles jangle, no gangs is tranquil
Blank grill, real shank steel, bankroll ankle
F to the N and R, two thiefs are bummin a car
But never had no beef so Alhamdulillah
Inshallah any duties, top grillers, no Mercedes sign
Bubble nuggets with the ruby, Cop Killer 89
On a line on the third like loop on
Word is a bond that's honored, don shukran... afwan
Ram the adhan
Livin sunnah of the Prophet Muhammad alayhi as-salaam
Marvelous orchestras summoned the forces of power that orbited us
Dune cloud smoked orifices, Sight endorses what is glorious
Relive the first feelin of euphoria, power is in all of us
Notoriety is notorious, words scatter prefer 
Bros mad with first data like a dagger, slice of minimal maestro
A little nice yo, well look at the price though
Smooth rules that ooze as few as complex chemistry
And bitch and use and fizz and use with rhythms of recipe
Lesser fuse the energy to increase equity
So cinematic thoughts create a beautiful entity, envelope telepathy
And freaks the format, chop your garbage into 4-track
Recorded more facts to a stack
Only pour the pure tour back later
Years ago I stopped checkin for anyone on a major
I smack a hater with a tractor trailer use a paperMF DOOM & MF Grimm - “Kava Kava Root + Poppy Seeds = Stress Box”
: MF Grimm]
: MF DOOM ]
: Teruo Nakamura - “Cat” ]
Hello, you’ve reached the voicemail of Percy Carey.  Please leave your name and number, and I’ll get back to you as soon as possible.  Thank you
Calling, talking ‘bout I’m mad at you
How I think I’m better than you
On the Island of Monsters, wish I stayed
Together, a move’s supposed to be made
Moves made with you don’t get me paid
Moves made with you only get me played
I’m in my own world, so leave me alone
Don’t have time to sit on the phone
If you’re really my friend, when we speak, we speak
Not bad-mouth me ‘cause I ain’t called in a week
Total concentration is on my spine
Chit-chat has its place in time
Broke long enough, so I choose to switch
Become filthy rich before I leave this bitch
After hearing this, if you don’t understand
Then I guess you never was my man
MF
You don’t call no more
Nigga, why?  MF
You don’t call no more
Nigga, why?  MF
You don’t call no more
Nigga, why?  MF
You don’t call no more
Nigga, why?  Why?
My concentration’s not on the one who shot at me
I’m wondering if I can take the pieces that fell out of me
Stick ‘em back inside of me, tie a knot in me, regenerate
Anatomy, damaged arteries gotta be
A way to shape my life like pottery
As God Welcomed me Back like Kotter be
Comas, angels shout at me
Humans never learn.  When will you learn?
Telling me how they despise man
From jump, knew we cause mischief in the land
And I wish God never made us
Found it so odd that He made us
Selfish, killing prophets that come save us
Deathwish, Apocalypse Now, God’ll slay us
Hell burns at different degrees
Optional Equator temperature, heat freeze
All that’s vain will be defeated
God told me to be seated
Scriptures?  Read it.  History repeated
Fulfill prophecies, wills needed
Millennium cyborgs drink lithium
Cranium, brain silicon, skull titanium
Spiritually, no forensics, made
Through cybernetics programmed to absorb phonetics
But truly could never feel semantics
Cyborgs revealed by antics
Earth out of orbit, man go frantic
Prophecies of floods now Atlantis
Water paint-based, smear the canvas
The picture’s fucked up.  You get it?  The picture’s fucked up
MF
You don’t call no more
Nigga, why?  MF
You don’t call no more
Nigga, why?  MF
You don’t call no more
Nigga, why?  MF
You don’t call no more
Nigga, why?  Why?
Hey, where you was at last night?  Uh, uh.  Why?  MF, you don’t call no more.  Why?No friendly warfare, this ain't wrestlin'
There's nothin' staged over here, you're trippin' Mescaline
Drinkin', coulda got smacked for what he thinkin'
Coulda said the word, then whack! Abe Lincoln
And still spend stacks off crack, stay crinklin'
This game's built to get got while blinkin'
Rappers do big up jail like a recruiter
Let 'em tend ta hit a boy, said he was a shooter
Told him "Man up, or keep it pushin' like a scooter"
Then said nuttin' and didn't pass the Buddha
Lo and behold, police shows up
Spit his shitty sixteen and got his self froze up, up
His story had a moral, it's buried in the soil
Vil put it in her back like the epidural
Kids: eat, sleep, stay away from creeps
Spit it from the heart, this game's for keeps
So peep
Yeah, saga of a true B-Boy
Beware any likenesses or imagery is a decoy
Sho nuff, yo fluff, force like Bruce Leroy
Bring trouble up and get double cut— keloid
Bubble up, run 'em up, destroy
And anything else you see— void
Rightful ownership
Got a bone to pick with the phoniest colonialist
Who own a ship
The loneliest known to rip
Known to sip pine and ripple
Find yourself in a bind and pickle
Don't bite the hand that feeds you, bite the nipple
In this land of black and brown, ain't no backin' down
As foul as that sound, it's hard to find a cap and gown
But it's always like a MAC around
B-r-r-r-r-at!! Man down
Metal is empowered, devil is a coward
It all smells of high hell like no one ever showered
Scrub behind ya ears, shed the final tears
Remember what the world was like in the final years
Just a speck of dirt in the universe, snap fingers
Just like that— assume the worst
Back in business, guzzle beers, track and fitness
Laps get faster, could've missed Christmas
What is this?MF DOOM & MF Grimm - “Dragon’s Blood Resin + Ginger = War Paint”
: MF Grimm]
: MF DOOM and DJ Subroc ]
: John Coltrane and Johnny Hartman - “Autumn Serenade” ]
: Isaac Hayes - “Joy” ]
To be known as the best, I make a run for it
Ready for war, I got my guns for it
Who dies?  All dies 
Label , music 
The Supervillain and Superhero
Burning tracks like we’re pyros
Laid to wax, radio blaze them
MF Grimm’s back, it amaze them
The Fingers of Metal prepare the menu
Go for the jugular, that’s what my pen do
Smother my foes, that’s what my flows do
Masses of zeros, that’s what it grows to
So get the fuck out the path, you’re interfering
Or feel the wrath by disappearing
I attack the track the way I want to
You don’t like my style?  Then, straight up, fuck you
My world don’t revolve around you
There’s other people besides you
Can’t stop me—this is what I do
Repeat the chorus, then I am through
To be known as the best, I make a run for it
Ready for war, I got guns for it
Shoot to the top, I’m gonna get there
Mad flow, no one compares
To be known as the best, I make a run for it
Ready for war, I got guns for it
Shoot to the top, I’m gonna get there
Mad flow, no one compares
Who dies?  All die.  War paint, the war paint.  The war paint, the war paint.  Day By Day Entertainment.  And we’re out.  All dieMF DOOM & MF Grimm ft. Bashton the Invizabul Mang and Lord Smog - “Horehound + Sesame Seeds = Tonight’s Show”
: MF Grimm, Bashton the Invizabul Mang, and Lord Smog ]
: MF DOOM ]
: Season 1 Episode 2 of Spider-Man  - “Dr. Doom, Master of the World” ]
: Stetsasonic - “Go Stetsa I” ]
Ready to perform, and your flow is tight
There’ll be no show tonight
Guns are busting, now bullets take flight
There’ll be no show tonight
Fans pissed, saying you ain’t right
There’ll be no show tonight
In the club, a riot we incite
There’ll be no show tonight
We’re gonna
Wet your whole show up, throw a grenade on
Stage, watch it blow up, body parts scatter
Females throw up, whole shit
Tore up.  Paid mercenaries
Fuck the whole club up, gonna have niggas
Running out, leaving women behind
Losing they mind, audience terrified, a few people
Died.  Motherfucker, can’t hide
Fuck who you are.  So what you a star?
It’s about memories and scars.  Wolves
Are raised to be strapped all the time
But it pays to be.  Nigga, fuck peace.  I’m
Blazing, see?  The walking dead ain’t
Fazing me.  Dry your ass out like
A raisin, see?  Air your ass out like
Handwashed jeans.  MF pure dope, un-
-cut, kill fiends, can’t cope, stressed out, murder
Whole team, evaporate green, inhale
Steam
Ready to perform, and your flow is tight
There’ll be no show tonight
Guns are busting, now bullets take flight
There’ll be no show tonight
Fans pissed, saying you ain’t right
There’ll be no show tonight
In the club, a riot we incite
There’ll be no show tonight
Hey you, get the fuck off
You wanna stay, so lost and head tossed while I rock
Crowds and get money like motherfucking stars
Sang like Lou Rawls and spit on y’all
Plus, we could get raw and get down
With a Decepticon type of brawl.  I’m vio-
-lating turds who are native tongue, busting shots
Then you fall.  You can pay Peter, Mary
And Paul.  My heat will still turn
Your brain cabbage to fucking coleslaw
Nat King Cole is here to ball
Here to Grinch your shit and all your Santy Claus
I’ll bust your mouth ‘til you need Anbesol
Yes, yes, y’all, you can’t rock the presen-
-tation.  You an imitation
Of another illustration, illustrating
You wack toys perpetrating.  I took the
Case when Percy Mason told me
Y’all was, for certain, motherfucking faking
You dead and stinking from your intake
Of bacon, so when I get on stage, yo, what’s
Shaking?  What’s shaking?
Ready to perform, and your flow is tight
There’ll be no show tonight
Guns are busting, now bullets take flight
There’ll be no show tonight
Fans pissed, saying you ain’t right
There’ll be no show tonight
In the club, a riot we incite
There’ll be no show tonight
]
I find these various emcees hilarious
The only time they rhyme behind police barriers
I guess that’s industry rhyming
Probably find Scotch out in the street, rhyming
Indiscreet timing, M.I.C. lifer
No parole and won’t be deciphered
Beat-biter, party contaminant
Wilding in your venue without no laminate
Is that your drink?  I think I spit a clam in it
Backstage platter better not have no ham in it
Motherfucker Yes indeed
My name is Fatman Scoop a/k/a Big Colorado
And I've been your host, through this
Entire, voyage journey that just went down
MF Grimm and the family baby
Special Herbs + Spices Volume One
Flavorin it up for you real crazy
Just sit back right now, mellow out
Say to yourself... "What have I just heard?
What does it mean to hip-hop?
What do I need to do, what's the next step?"
Well you know what the next step is?
You need to stop this right here
You need to go back, listen to the intro that I put down
And do this all over again
Why? Because this man is flavor
Why? Because MF DOOM is flavor
Why? Because I told you
That this is what you supposed to listen to
And my name is Fatman Scoop
A/k/a Big Colorado
And when I tell you somethin is hot
Please believe me, it's hot
I just don't endorse, any type of bullshit
Aight?!"DOOM mumbling and singing"
I hold the mic, like niggas hold their girls tight
But I ain't after her, probably your Acura pearl white
The hooker? Nah, as many times as I done split it
To be specific more times than dimes in a briz-nick
When you broke North, I crashed the barbecue like Riddick
At the Garden, true, that's the God in me, pardon you
Jeepers! I was tore back, the ho gained access to my beeper
Called back my secretary gatekeeper
Like I ain't peep her, I said, "Darling you was stupid though"
You know the Super Villain, 
I had this style ever since I was a child
I got this other style I ain't flip in a while, it goes
Pure scientific intelligence, with one point of relevance
Emcees their styles need Velamints
And once the smoke clear, tell 'em it's The Super Metal Face Villain, He came through raw like the elements
On 99 plus one of them
Plus with a flow to pull a fraud nigga file from out in front of him
When we with y'all, we had tons of fun
Me and my duns and them
Actual true and living sons of them
Dead planets and God-U
Throwing divine rules to come through, we will over charge you
And won't feel remorse for shit
Except for once  and lost them shits
Scientific going berserk like Red Alert
I really went to pick up wiznork for cheddar dirt
To fund these experiments is where I went
Obviously dead bent, and spent every red cent
To rule you, and still drop more jewels than schools do
Or even TV news that's designed to fool you 
Yeah you, who hear the most grimy suggestions
From niggas with fly names and I.D. questions
That's a Secret like Victoria teddy sets that's edible
Them's not ready yet for the incredible
Team of MC's who broke all fakes
Who thought they were slaughter proof
Stomping through like North Face waterproof
Tat-tat, that's the end of that
After hit the bar where baby girl bartender at
I told her more wine, mingling with no single mentions of
Stay tuned for more spine tingling adventures of ...When the revolution come, you can see me on the front line
Firing my gun, standing right beside my son
If I go, it's understood that I stood for something
When my whole life, they told me, I was good for nothing
I was raised by the stray dogs, blazed off, layed off
Breaking laws, graveyard shifting every day war
Focus now, notice how, things change, soldier
I remain the same, I'm older now, I embrace the pain
I blame the struggle, nearly drove me insane
Thought I lost my head, till my brethren told me the same
No tears for the reaper, I've buried bout a thousand
In graffiti, "rest in peace" sprayed off throughout the housing
I tried to stay civilized, the hood's a prison inside
The only difference is the doors don't slide
Still we trapped in the animal cage, cause we got animal ways
So we react, with the animal rage
And my section's real, weapons peel, cheddar's the deal
Seen the depths of hell, now I stare, death in the grill
From the slave ships, to today's bricks, same shit
I'm awake, to the wickedness, and one, with the pavement
The all great mind stays divine, my hands remain deadly
We shine without the hung jewelry, produce light
That'll travel through mics, now as the time riping
We took words that we nourishing, encouraging
A nation to awaken, those who were sleeping
Can you conceive the thought? Transatlantic import
Slave and bought, secret relations between blacks and Jews
Might set a fuse off in the head
Many dead lynch hung, swung from trees
Brothers in the struggle together, eat from one pot
Hold each other down to the sneaker
Nothing come between us
Fast money and chicks, did it to the best of cliques
It's sickening... huh
It's me and you son, forever in the struggle
No doubt, we hustle, survival is the motto
Will you soon follow, a better tomorrow
...For a better tomorrow
It's me and you son, forever in the struggle
No doubt, we hustle, survival is the motto
Will you soon follow, a better tomorrow
...For a better tomorrow
I catch a few flashbacks about, going through the struggle
How we used to make dollars, from all the snow we shoveled
In a broke neighborhood, where the kids often dream
About a lavish life, that is mostly seen in the screen
Where some dreams are quickly cut short, due to gang violence
From loud guns, that kept witnesses, in deep silence
Was it bad timing? Jealousy from too much shining?
Or a set up, from a girl that he wined, kept dining
It's a known fact, they will attack, cause it's like that
And depending on the, kind of impact, that strike back
In a town where the talk is cheap and, beef is brief
A mother sobs uncontrollably, and exhibit the grief
Large holes in the front door, of a housing tenement
Allows room to retaliate, so conflict is imminent
This hate in the brain, destroys the cells like cancer
Even experts are stuck with more questions than answers
It's me and you son, forever in the struggle
No doubt, we hustle, survival is the motto
Will you soon follow, a better tomorrow
Make the way for a better tomorrow
It's me and you son, forever in the struggle
No doubt, we hustle, survival is the motto
Will you soon follow, a better tomorrow
Make the way for a better tomorrowAh wait a minute , I've got his card
Oo yes! here it is 
It ain't nuttin' like, Hip Hop music
It Ain't nuttin' like a fist full of cash or a bliss full of the hash
That twist like a mustache, from end to end, spread it like a rash
From talking through your Walkman or at your disco bash
Give me the Timbs Rumpelstiltskin brown
A metal face mask with a built in frown
A mic to tilt down, a hundred thousand pounds
And see how kilt sound like spilt milk clown
Cocoa butter on very ashy day fam
With Ray-Bans out on the islands of Cayman
Or I'll break it down for the layman
Bain De Soleil for that Saint Trope... tannnn
A can a ole gold too cold to hold, slow ya roll
Keep on moving like Soul II Soul, hold the dough
Like a fool who stole pity y'all
From tryna' go up against city hall titty bar
The black mic is like a red violin
Ok, everybody back to the lab, try again
Bloody rap game like Leviathan
Leave a bad taste, killin' my high like Niacin
Stop kiddin' middlemen need Ritalin
Hit me with the full tin of gin and I'm a kid again
Keep the bong lightin' straight through the song writin'
The Supervillain AKA the thong bitin', that's inviting all
To the reciting that's dope and raw
Hoping all y'all come in peace and its open bar
Tear the roof off this Bumba Ras Clot
By the end of the night spazz like Shazbot
Spilt a shot made the pen lines runny
A ill plot that's ten times Ben Stein’s money, funny
How he rips the scripts with a straight face
With more rhymes than is lines in ya database
Placing rappers in endangerment, who's reckless
With this food for thought sorta' like breakfast
You could mark it off as wreck on the checklist
Wear gold fronts, can't afford no necklace
Shit, that there, could go to help buildin' daycares
Somebody say yeahh.. 
Pay ya fares,... give the Herbalizers their shares
And y'all could pay DOOM in beers... Cheers!...Now, I don't push a Lex
Others had their turn to flex, Jeru is up next
All these so called players up in the rap game
Got brothers on the corner selling cooked cocaine
It used to be LaToya and jim hats
But now it's Uzis, Macs and G-packs of cracks
Everybody's psycho or some type of good fellow
But me I keep it real that's all swine like jello
Don't drink Cristal, and I can't stand Mo
Never received currency for moving a kilo
Or an ounce, make em bounce to this fake-pimp-free flow
I never knew hustlers confessed in stereo
Or on video get caught you'll know who turned state's
Evidence, murder weapon, confession and fingerprints
Mama always said watch what comes out your mouth
Tight case for the DA from here to down South
Knowledge wisdom understanding like King Solomon's wealth
You're a player but only because you be playing yourself
With all that Big Willie talk, hop, you're, playin' yaself
With all that big gun talk, bop, you're, playin' yaself
With all that rah rah rah, you're, playin' yaself
You're, playin' yaself, you're, playin' yaself
With all that rah rah rah, you're, playin' yaself
With all that big gun talk, bop, you're, playin' yaself
With all that Big Willie talk, hop, you're, playin' yaself
You're, playin' yaself, you're, playin' yaself
Now these ladies is looking pretty from city to city
I refined a few I met, around the country
The nitty gritty, it's all reality, no question
Actual fact like tight jeans cause yeast infections
And sisters with good minds, get no respect when
Their ass is all hanging out, playing the bar section
Of the club shake what your mama gave ya, back to the lab
I drop the truth, cause rhyming is more than just my craft
Or a way to get ass, or fast cash, or blasted
Black women, make sure you're respected
When niggas is kicking that old off the wall shit, let em know
From jump: "Dead it", you're not ignorant
Knowledge wisdom understanding is the key to wealth
Put some clothes on that ass if you respect yourself
With those hooker type wears hon you're, playin' yaself
With those skin tight jeans baby you're, playin' yaself
Everything all exposed you're, playin' yaself
You're, playin' yaself, you're, playin' yaself
Everything all exposed you're, playin' yaself
With those skin tight jeans baby you're, playin' yaself
With those hooker type wears hon you're, playin' yaself
You're, playin' yaself, you're, playin' yaself
Now, I don't bust a Tec, bubble drugs
In the projects, or use mics to sell sex
Niggas, nowadays is all about this
So much ying yang, it's ridiculous
If you got so much cheese where are the black distributors
And these record companies shake em down like mobsters
But impostors, like commercial locks are not rastas
Always faking moves, never, making moves
Asses shake, bottles pop, the government is breaking down you fools
You work all week and give the devil back his loot for jewels
And the steak on your plate is filled with chemicals
Still, brothers leave brothers all battered and bruised
On the streets, won't see snakes on my feet
The race is on, but I won't competeYo, yo
Bring in the big guns, weapons is ready
In the square shoot the heady reppin the yeti is ready
Bout time last train from Gun Hill, Dunn chill
Stay filled with exhiliration from one kill
Yo, rock for ? row don't tempt me
Smack the drum black, black rap Jack Dempsey
You get laced without a trace just for takin up space
Bill Bill the bombville you still catch a Gas Face
For realHey yo it's all love, but love's got a thin line
And Pun's got a big nine, respect crime but not when it reflect mine
The shit I'm on is wrong but it lasts long
Pull a fast one, then Pun'll wake up, with the stash gone
I'm mad strong, and my cream is fast
Smoke the greenest grass, my bitch got the meanest ass
And a taste legit, I don't have to waste a whole case of Crist'
All it takes is my pretty face and my gangsta wit
Lace the click, cause we all share
It's all fair like love and war, thug galore with the long hair
Big Pun, Pun the name that makes the kids run
Like spelling murder reverse it deliver redrum
Come one, come all, if you wanna brawl
I'm the mighty Thor clotheslining motherfuckers like Steven Segall
Cause all you gonna get, is your ass kicked or up in a casket
That's it  That's it
Punisher bash it, at last it's, rappers that really blast shit
Cats getting Big Willie niggas like Billy Bathgate
Up in Jimmy's Cafe, havin caviar
Crackin Cristal at the bar, smokin cigars, livin large
We rob and steal, run with the mob, doin jobs for bills
I'm hard to kill for real nigga guard your grill
I like to chill, spark an L and get high
I'm one hell of a guy, fly pelican fly
Whattup Duke-o, you know, politickin papi chuco
I'm out here, watching for Jake, getting this loot though
Shoot bro, I got a waterproof suit yo
Swervin like a A.K.A. in Beirut yo
Squeezin, out of automatic M3's and
Please, you ain't seen no thugs like these
I can tell you lots of things that'll make you believe
In Corona yo it's better to take than to receive
Your career's on life support, and I'mma pull the plug
And have every thug shootin that Beatnut drug
In they blood, no escapin this
Niggas is goin over their favorite shit  to be tapin this
World premier, loud and clear
La and beer, get the dough, blow up the show
Dissapear, jump in the Cavalier
Feelin marvelous, street pharmacist, twist arboles
For pleasure, bring your territory terror
Keep my workers under pressure got em sayin "FUCK LESTER"
But that's aight Duke-o, my heart nowadays too cold
Don't give a fuck where you been what you done
Where you go, you know, peep this statement
In black shades like a secret, agent
We're night thieves, roll up on you like sleeves
We light trees, bust these and stack cheese
It's off the hook this year
Makin mad money off the books this year, ain't nothin
But crooks in here
Gettin mad money off the books this year
Brothers are amused by others brother's reps
But the thing they know best is where the gun is kept
Cause in the night you'll feel fright
And at the sight of a four-fifth, I guess you just might
Wanna do a dance or two
Cause they could maybe bust you for self or with a crew
No matter if you or your brother's a star
He could pop you and jet without a getaway car
And some might say that he's a dummy
But he's sticking you and taking all of your money
It's a daily operation
He might be loose in the park or lurking at the train station
Mad brothers know his name
So he thinks he got a little fame from the stick-up game
And while we're blaming society
He's at a party with his man
They got their eye on the gold chain that the next man's wearing
It looks big but they ain't staring
Just thinking of a way and when to get the brother
They'll be long gone before the kid recovers
And back around the way he'll have the chain on his neck
Claiming respect, just to get a rep"Yeah, here we go...just go with the flow" 
Yo, I'd like to check this microphone before I start right quick
Microphone check 2,2,1,2,1,2
Big up all the Monsta Island massive
And beware before I triple dare you like the last kid
Who ask me what we don't got that you got son
For one, flow that's elementary my dear Wat-son
Secondly, ever since I was little
Not so much to riddle, least rhyme to the syllable
Keep tracks that make a Arab thief clap
With no hands, I chop these drums off
Truly yours, G Rap
Actual fact, relax
In this land of lyrical loss, black
I'm not the cool sleet stack
The one who might stop and talk to you
Poison to few, niggas who be bitin styles I'm like pork to
Oooh...what you got to lose? Let mud fly
When I got blues I chew whole crews that's bud dry
So I ask why the style's from the cess
Shit be fuckin with my eye as I pull it to the chest
The super muthafuckin' villain grip the mic wit an iron hand
Throwin emcees to the fire from out da fryin' pan
It ain't no use in tryin, man
Son, stop cryin
Frontin' like you death-defyin'
You need to stop lyin'
Speak your piece only once you're spoken to first
Now lemme hear your verse while I'm chokin' you
With bubbly fine rhymes like a editor
Throw them to my collection of skulls and spines like Predator
Fuck around, the only niggas who could hear the same sound 
Was Jet Jaguar and James Brown
And I'm glad I took the time to write their names down to big 'em up
I'd like to say hi
It's {?} fly the odd Merlin
That's quick to whip up a script like Rod Sterling
{?} bad bitch who used to whip the Sterling
Who see God ?, never see God earlin'
My man Grimm had his little monkey like Space Ghost
Me myself I got flavors that out-taste most
With numb gums, some rhymers is lake toast
Back to you MF Doom, you late show host
S to the U to the P E R-uh
Who chronicle these times in a 3-D horror
{?} co-star or in a realer drama
Who break bread with stingy kin-men, indian borrower
Lone gunmen who candidly flip fly floes
Single-handedly with one eye closed
In a fly pose, no shirt {?}
May see me stack the quarter-mill cash pay
That's in a smash way how he did it
Muthafucka probably couldn't peep it past a minuteVillain, man, never ran with krills in his hand and
Won't stop rockin' til he clocked in a gazillion grand
Tillin' the wasteland sands
Raps on backs of treasure maps, stacks to the ceilin' fan
He rest when he's ashes
Ask 'em after ten miles in his ga-lashes, smashes stashes
Chip on his shoulder with a slip on holster
A clip, a folder and his grip on a boulder bolster
They supposed ta know, it show when his aura glow
Get from out the row, when he get dough it's horrible
Time is money, spend, waste, save, invest the fess
The ten case of cave a chicken chest S
Yes ya'll the dub will get ya trickles
The best ballers pitch in and rub to get a nickels
But tut tut, he about to change the price again
It go up each time he blow up like hydrogen
Villain here, have em shrillin' in fear
And won't stop top illin' til he a gazillionaire
Grillin' stare, yeah ya boy had drama
Got 'em on a mental plane, avoided bad karma
Once sold an inbred skinhead a nigga joke
Plus a brand new chrome smoker with the triggers broke
I thought I told 'em, "Firing pins was separate"
He find out later when he tries to go and rep it
Took a Jehovah money for a Arabic Torah
Charged an advance to translate it and ignored it, sorta
One monkey don't stop no slaughter
A junkie want ta cop a quarter ton, run for the border
Know the drill, it ain't worth the overkill
Flow skill, still there's no thrill
Villa bill ya ten K bills in his pilla
Villa, when it gets realer, split the skrilla with—
—Dilla,  mix, mix, mix
Do a deal for kicks and get rich quick
Sketch lyric, bet 'cha bottom nick on some vic
Ick from the drumstick, come with the dumb shtick
Sick slick, hidden in a book
The only way they find it if you're spittin' in a hook
Listen, don't look now, keep walkin'
Traded three beans for this cow, cheap talkin'
Hawk men stalkin' hear that we hawkin' often
Coughin' to a coffin, might as well scoff the pork then
He's like Worf, some say stronger though
Off the top Jay Strongbow, play along bro
Wear a mask like yo off the Gong Show
Flow slow as Mongo, Don Juan thong pro
For ya info when he's not practicin' Jim Crow
Or actressin' and some nympho bimbo
He's playin' Ray J the old tape
DOOM—well what can I say like JJ in a gold cape
Fill it to the rim like brim
Villain and ya won't find him in no gym
Probably a foggy bog with the frogs
With a dot on the guard as he squat on a log
Half cocked and half baked
Used to keep a full stock of work, half rocked and half shake
My mistake, sign a track agreement
For more G's than lines and cracks in the cement
In any event it's fake like wrestlin'
Get 'em like Jake The Snake on mescalines
Ahem, elixir for the dry throat
Tried to hit the high note, Villain since a itsy bitsy zygote
By remote, send in the meat wagon
Braggin' MC's packed in with they feets draggin'
These stats are staggerin'
Had his PhD in indiscreet street hagglin'
Villain, his agenda is clear
Endin' this year with dividends to spare, here
It's not meant for the seein'
Went through the ceilin' after enterin' his center bein'
A new meanin' to sales through the roof
Guaranteed raw and saw his truth was truth, proof
It's the return of the tramp
Who do a duet jam when Ernest Goes To Camp
For the right earn - na'mean like Vern
We need some more oil for the machines to burn, learn
Jiminy crickets
He gets lucky like winnin' free tickets off SimplyLyrics
One man's waste is another man's soap
Sons fan base know the brotha man's dope
A real weirdo with a bugged rare flow
And the way his hair grow was ugly as a scarecrow
He wears a mask so the charge won't grab
On a rooftop with a large stone slab
Heads up, talk white and thought niggerish
Refuse to walk tight and got his off the vigorish
Black licorice and equally as yucky
How he handled the money was strictly Dan Stuckie
Monkey hustle, man on fire
Later for the date than the Hadron Collider
And cost more, it be seemin' like a style
DOOM leave the competition steamin' like a pile
Smile, ding! Sparklin' jewels
In effect like alternate side of the street parkin' rules
Fools, the roach was never dead
Live for a week, then dehydrate with a severed head
Instead it was depicted as flicked in
Split, the wicks litVillain, man, never ran with krills in his hand and
Won't stop rockin' til he clocked in a gazillion 
Raps on backs of treasure maps, stacks to the ceilin' fan
He rest when he's ashes
Ask 'em after ten miles in his ga-lashes, smashes stashes
Chip on his shoulder with a slip on holster
A clip, a folder and his grip on a boulder bolster
They supposed ta know, it show when his aura glow
Get from out the row, when he get dough it's horrible
Time is money, spend, waste, save, invest the fess
The ten case of cave a chicken chest S
Yes ya'll the dub will get ya trickles
The best ballers pitch in and rub to get a nickels
But tut tut, he about to change the price again
It go up each time he blow up like hydrogen
Villain here, have em shrillin' in fear
And won't stop top illin' til he a gazillionaire
Grillin' stare, yeah ya boy had drama
Got 'em on a mental plane, avoided bad karma
Once sold an inbred skinhead a nigga joke
Plus a brand new chrome smoker with the triggers broke
I thought I told 'em, "Firing pins was separate"
He find out later when he tries to go and rep it
Took a Jehovah money for a Arabic Torah
Charged an advance to translate it and ignored it, sorta
One monkey don't stop no slaughter
A junkie want ta cop a quarter ton, run for the border
Know the drill, it ain't worth the overkill
Flow skill, still there's no thrill
Villa bill ya ten K bills in his pilla
Villa, when it gets realer, split the skrilla with—
—Dilla,  mix, mix, mix
Do a deal for kicks and get rich quick
Sketch lyric, bet 'cha bottom nick on some vic
Ick from the drumstick, come with the dumb shtick
Sick slick, hidden in a book
The only way they find it if you're spittin' in a hook
Listen, don't look now, keep walkin'
Traded three beans for this cow, cheap talkin'
Hawk men stalkin' hear that we hawkin' often
Coughin' to a coffin, might as well scoff the pork then
He's like Worf, some say stronger though
Off the top Jay Strongbow, play along bro
Wear a mask like yo off the Gong Show
Flow slow as Mongo, Don Juan thong pro
For ya info when he's not practicin' Jim Crow
Or actressin' and some nympho bimbo
He's playin' Ray J the old tape
DOOM—well what can I say like JJ in a gold cape
Fill it to the rim like brim
Villain and ya won't find him in no gym
Probably a foggy bog with the frogs
With a dot on the guard as he squat on a log
Half cocked and half baked
Used to keep a full stock of work, half rocked and half shake
My mistake, sign a track agreement
For more G's than lines and cracks in the cement
In any event it's fake like wrestlin'
Get 'em like Jake The Snake on mescalines
Ahem, elixir for the dry throat
Tried to hit the high note, Villain since a itsy bitsy zygote
By remote, send in the meat wagon
Braggin' MC's packed in with they feets draggin'
These stats are staggerin'
Had his PhD in indiscreet street hagglin'
Villain, his agenda is clear
Endin' this year with dividends to spare, here
It's not meant for the seein'
Went through the ceilin' after enterin' his center bein'
A new meanin' to sales through the roof
Guaranteed raw and saw his truth was truth, proof
It's the return of the tramp
Who do a duet jam when Ernest Goes To Camp
For the right earn - na'mean like Vern
We need some more oil for the machines to burn, learn
Jiminy crickets
He gets lucky like winnin' free tickets off SimplyLyrics
One man's waste is another man's soap
Sons fan base know the brotha man's dope
A real weirdo with a bugged rare flow
And the way his hair grow was ugly as a scarecrow
He wears a mask so the charge won't grab
On a rooftop with a large stone slab
Heads up, talk white and thought niggerish
Refuse to walk tight and got his off the vigorish
Black licorice and equally as yucky
How he handled the money was strictly Dan Stuckie
Monkey hustle, man on fire
Later for the date than the Hadron Collider
And cost more, it be seemin' like a style
DOOM leave the competition steamin' like a pile
Smile, ding! Sparklin' jewels
In effect like alternate side of the street parkin' rules
Fools, the roach was never dead
Live for a week, then dehydrate with a severed head
Instead it was depicted as flicked in
Split, the wicks litVillain, man, never ran with krills in his hand and
Won't stop rockin' til he clocked in a gazillion grand
Tillin' the wasteland sands
Raps on backs of treasure maps, stacks to the ceilin' fan
He rest when he's ashes
Ask 'em after ten miles in his ga-lashes, smashes stashes
Chip on his shoulder with a slip on holster
A clip, a folder and his grip on a boulder bolster
They supposed ta know, it show when his aura glow
Get from out the row, when he get dough it's horrible
Time is money, spend, waste, save, invest the fess
The ten case of cave a chicken chest S
Yes ya'll the dub will get ya trickles
The best ballers pitch in and rub to get a nickels
But tut tut, he about to change the price again
It go up each time he blow up like hydrogen
Villain here, have em shrillin' in fear
And won't stop top illin' til he a gazillionaire
Grillin' stare, yeah ya boy had drama
Got 'em on a mental plane, avoided bad karma
Once sold an inbred skinhead a nigga joke
Plus a brand new chrome smoker with the triggers broke
I thought I told 'em, "Firing pins was separate"
He find out later when he tries to go and rep it
Took a Jehovah money for a Arabic Torah
Charged an advance to translate it and ignored it, sorta
One monkey don't stop no slaughter
A junkie want ta cop a quarter ton, run for the border
Know the drill, it ain't worth the overkill
Flow skill, still there's no thrill
Villa bill ya ten K bills in his pilla
Villa, when it gets realer, split the skrilla with—
—Dilla,  mix, mix, mix
Do a deal for kicks and get rich quick
Sketch lyric, bet 'cha bottom nick on some vic
Ick from the drumstick, come with the dumb shtick
Sick slick, hidden in a book
The only way they find it if you're spittin' in a hook
Listen, don't look now, keep walkin'
Traded three beans for this cow, cheap talkin'
Hawk men stalkin' hear that we hawkin' often
Coughin' to a coffin, might as well scoff the pork then
He's like Worf, some say stronger though
Off the top Jay Strongbow, play along bro
Wear a mask like yo off the Gong Show
Flow slow as Mongo, Don Juan thong pro
For ya info when he's not practicin' Jim Crow
Or actressin' and some nympho bimbo
He's playin' Ray J the old tape
DOOM—well what can I say like JJ in a gold cape
Fill it to the rim like brim
Villain and ya won't find him in no gym
Probably a foggy bog with the frogs
With a dot on the guard as he squat on a log
Half cocked and half baked
Used to keep a full stock of work, half rocked and half shake
My mistake, sign a track agreement
For more G's than lines and cracks in the cement
In any event it's fake like wrestlin'
Get 'em like Jake The Snake on mescalines
Ahem, elixir for the dry throat
Tried to hit the high note, Villain since a itsy bitsy zygote
By remote, send in the meat wagon
Braggin' MC's packed in with they feets draggin'
These stats are staggerin'
Had his PhD in indiscreet street hagglin'
Villain, his agenda is clear
Endin' this year with dividends to spare, here
It's not meant for the seein'
Went through the ceilin' after enterin' his center bein'
A new meanin' to sales through the roof
Guaranteed raw and saw his truth was truth, proof
It's the return of the tramp
Who do a duet jam when Ernest Goes To Camp
For the right earn - na'mean like Vern
We need some more oil for the machines to burn, learn
Jiminy crickets
He gets lucky like winnin' free tickets off SimplyLyrics
One man's waste is another man's soap
Sons fan base know the brotha man's dope
A real weirdo with a bugged rare flow
And the way his hair grow was ugly as a scarecrow
He wears a mask so the charge won't grab
On a rooftop with a large stone slab
Heads up, talk white and thought niggerish
Refuse to walk tight and got his off the vigorish
Black licorice and equally as yucky
How he handled the money was strictly Dan Stuckie
Monkey hustle, man on fire
Later for the date than the Hadron Collider
And cost more, it be seemin' like a style
DOOM leave the competition steamin' like a pile
Smile, ding! Sparklin' jewels
In effect like alternate side of the street parkin' rules
Fools, the roach was never dead
Live for a week, then dehydrate with a severed head
Instead it was depicted as flicked in
Split, the wicks litIt's that butter shit niggas know I always never stutter with
Check the styles, check it, uh, peep it
I re-up on bad dreams, bag up screams in fiftys
Be up on mad schemes that heat shop like jiffy-pop
Shit, an instant, get smoked like Winston - cancers
And cut halves through them gangsters, too
In real life, the real trife scene
Might steal your life with the assault machine
Rifle, dead up, it's a setup like bull-fight
Be blunted how we like couldn't white or in full flight
X, the unemotional, call me anti-social
On the run from off the gun death tally commercial
Death valley is like rehearsal, to the streets
To my peeps, ??? beats
Like the weapons of war
Now you keep from steppin' on my floor, or delivery front door
Special ed, y'all motherfuckers master yours
My disaster causes you: Hell.. in them gas drawls
The supervillain, cooler than a million, I be chills
Still quick to slice squares like Sicilians
Don't make me have to hurt them feelings
I'll ruin you in the dirt that I be doin' in my dealings
Sendin spirits through the ceilin', chrome peelin'
Dome blown, in the comforts of your own home
Grown, big wheelin' and high rollin'
I hold the lye, I keep the sty on my eye swollen
Bitch, nigga, switch the style
X a massive-versatile
Big up to Monster Isle
I saw you in Hell with them gas drawls
Peep it
To my brother Subroc and Black Ju
I crack brew for , two more, three men, two up
I hit the brew up like nobody knows how X the unseen feels
When giving crews a brush with death like between meals
Two times a day with brothers who's tight like a noose
With more rhymes in use than Dr. Seuss or motherfuckin' mother goose
X the suspicious flirter
That every hooker heard o', next to malicious murder
A track type vicious fulfillin' the pipe wishes
The misses may be legal minus the baby eagle
Any given summer's eve don't breathe
Sixteen shots I do believe and one up the sleeve
Master of the O to predict ya last pause
I told you, Hell and gas drawls, breakin'
Glass and plastic jaws like federal drastic laws
Fed up from fightin' secret wars with them Fantastic Fours 
Versus Doom wit' the metal face before I go to state
The ho better settle case
The flow is at pedal pace - steady like tricycles
Beware all suckers is froze like icicles
I'm baggin' bitches like nickels
Cause I licked 'em where they tickle before I hit the clit though
I'ma split till I pronounce, more hits than a ounce no doubt
About to bounce, X the unannounced, I'm out
And I like to give a shout to my man Jet Jaguar
You know, D-Smooth, ??? One
Master of the O
I call this joint
In hell with them Gas DrawlsTen-hut!
Officer on deck
Salute, salute, salute
Ya, bombageddon, hard head descendants
Jarhead in the trenches, Scarhead's relentless
You came, performers, locksmiths and fools
Czar, what's your occupation? 
Anytime I'm spittin', the floor rock
The spell's so strong, I catch hate from wizards and warlocks
Boom-bap ambassador, track master hot as Africa sand
Movin' bodies like a human trafficker
What I'm stompin' to harder than an inmate on a conjugal
Launchin' you with rocket fuel, live at the barbecue
Rebel I-N-S provide a spark for you
And I ain't even dig into my arsenal
Don't take it personal, you know the biz and you know this is
Thoughts, so much force I'm like Yoda's twin
 I break a sweat in the coldest wind
I'm bad news, they gon' notify ya closest kin
CZAR, DOOM
CZAR, DOOM
CZAR, DOOM
CZAR, DOOM
CZAR, DOOM
CZAR, DOOM
CZAR, DOOM
CZAR, DOOM
The Supervillain, a maniacal tyrant
Hear footsteps, adapt to your environment
Jungle, all you suckers with the rap jargon
The type of rap you find on a rack at a bargain
Type of crap probably get 'em smacked off the margin
Willis Reed, '72, Knicks at The Garden
New York, this ain't no new talk, true talk
TMZ and fake beef is the new pork
Filthy, regurgitate
Tape him up, lay him down, increase the murder rate
No no no, not that dude, I heard he straight
Wack rappers get spit on through the pearly gates
Final straw, ask 'em what they rhymin' for
Death waits right behind the door like a dinosaur
On a line of raw tryna find a cure
DOOM!
CZAR, DOOM
CZAR, DOOM
CZAR, DOOM
CZAR, DOOM
CZAR, DOOM
CZAR, DOOM
CZAR, DOOM
CZAR, DOOM
It was a shit show from the get-go
Every hero needs a villain, weave a web like Steve Ditko
To get dough, they thirsty, word to big Diplo, they tip-toe
Minions 'round the giant with the sick flow
No, no, I wouldn't provoke 'em
They call him Connor McGregor, the way he's fuckin' outspoken
In a trial by combat, let's do ten paces
Cesspool erases, Deadpool their faces
Deck, DOOM and Seamus, rec rooms and stages
You gamble with your health, med schools and Vegas
I miss that old shit, rappers used to be stupid def
Now they just stupid and deaf
I stay around bread like twisty ties, look 
CZARFACE stick the superhero landing, extra fly
My mind scattered but the bars rule
So many voices in my head that every ride's a carpoolMF Czar — we the antidote
MF Czar —
MF Czar —
MF Czar —
MF Czar —
Look!
Look at that glove!
There it is
Phew! Look at that
MF Czar — 
MF Czar —
MF Czar — 
MF Czar —CZARFACE in Man's Worst Enemy
CZARFACE and friends do it with a new breed of evil
Ease up, ease up
CZAR brought along some help, causing plenty of damageLast Will and Testament, first Fallen Angel
Kicked out of Heaven, fell at a weird angle
Hit the ground running; scarred, tail tangled
Now he just raises the bar and leaves 'em mangled
So yeah motherfucker
I got the drive of a redneck trucker
Tractor pull, act a fool
We'll see who's backing you
Once we see what these cats'll do
It's like panthro, liono, and tiger in a thunder tank
Fuck where you from, I'm claiming anywhere you ain't
Take anything you can't, now ain't that something?
Tie a rope around the neck of the beat, and get it jumpingSupervillain!
Mmhmm
Villain, villain!
Villain!
Vuh...
Villain! Villain! Villain! Villain! Villain! Villain!
Villain! Villain! Villain! VILLAIN!
Villain...A modern day marvel, but terrible—better—horrible
When he grab the mic from son, he crushed up all his metacarpals
He said he ain't mean it—totally by accident
After the show, he didn't follow where y'all taxi went
Will this be available on wax? Ask Max Mill
They on the opposition to his ass-wack tax bill
But will it pass the senate? Slum lord tenant
And super like 1-A, have a fun stay
One day, he plan to put in a runway
With enough land for his own projects and gun play
Section 8 penthouse, maid look like Faye Dunaway
Alotta y'all ass out like gay runaways
It's how they say "semi-risque"
All day everyday, give out Emmy's the quick way
Have the average MC say, "Gimme a sick day!"
They really ain't got shit to say like Timmy McVeigh
Get a hunch, a real rag tag bunch
In school, he kept a doo-rag in his bag lunch
Just to eat heads on some breakdance shit and spit
He writ this skit in Sanskrit
If the pants fit, sport 'em, but rock 'em low
Your man like Rollo on the slow, can't knock it though
It's like the same hustle, bro, two knuckles glow
Tucked-in Le Tigre—just let the name-buckle show
Good googly moogly—see that loogie?
Yeah—but keep it on the D.L. Hughley
You don't watch her, he might house her like Doogie
Just to cut her loosie like, *swoosh*—Mitsurugi
Gooey gum drops—who he got his style from?
—his pops—you gotta give the bum some props
Ask ya sister—her beat box is more-thicker
DOOM that nigga detox with more liquor
Villain for hire—admire the sound
Make sure the price is right before he come on down!
Rappers be on some "You, you, you!"
Forgot who they talking too, too much pork stew
They need to not come out with nothing new
Blew the whole shit up on some "What this button do?"
Doom cheat the game like walk-thru
Run 'em, son 'em like Mr. Rourke do Tattoo
The way alotta clowns get down is unnatural
This flow flip like oranges, apples
Rhymes like limes to a Lemonade Snapple
Leave her at the chapel, don't eat scrapple
First thing they notice when they come to is they bling is gone
Then they start remembering the Klingon with the rings on
In came the Villain with their own gear like, "Hi, there
Y'all play the rear, this whole year—my year."
Metal face beard like Brillo pad
Y'all know his steelo so don't feel so bad
Seed call him, "Ol' dad," the one the ol' ho had
Knew he was a winner since a swimmer in the gonads
Okay pal, pay him like Paypal
So we could be A-OK not OK Corral
I think today I'll make the ladies say, "Ow"
And maybe fuck around take a bow, now
Who made his first mill and still carry razor blades
Used to be straight A's and still made the grade
'Tarded ass, how he get cash so fast?
Year after last, left back in the retarded class
Shoulda went to Boces
Watch him all closely, who he think he supposed to be
Villain who always win, at least he stay consistent
Find out where that bitch went, get a room, pitch a tent
Yo—yo, Max—yo, change the beat, yo
You got another one?Keep your hoes in check...
I got this girl and she wants me to duke her
I told her I'd come scoop her around 8, she said 
That sounds great, shorty girl's a trooper
No matter what I need her to do, she be like 
Own his own throne, the boss like King Koopa
On the microphone he flossed the ring 
Average emcees is like a TV blooper
MF DOOM, he's like D.B. Cooper
Out with the moolah, I let her get a outfit
Just to cool her off she said niggas ain't about shit
I wonder if she meant it, I doubt it
The way it be in her mouth she can't live without it
And can't live with this, handle your business
Villain'll stay on a scandalous ho's shit list
One pack of cookies please, Mr. Hooper
It's fun smacking rookies, he is the 
Look like a black wookie when he let his beard grow
Weirdo, brown-skinned'd, always kept his hair low
Rumor has it it's a S-Curl accident
DOOM was always known to keep the best girls' backs bent
Some say it's the eyes, some say the accent
A lot of guys wonder where they stacks went
I call her thunder thighs with the fatty swolla
Only mess with high rollers, do what daddy told her
No matter the city she with me to do the thang-thang
Work in the coochie, hooptie chitty chitty bang bang
Same name on the titty as on the name ring
Pretty like Baby D off "All in the Same Gang"
Keep my eye on her, really don't trust her
But I treat her like a daughter, taught her how to bust a nut
And the heat to turn beef to horsemeat chalupa
Teach her how to hold it, of course he is the 
See most cats treat her like Foofur
Or beat her to a stupor, take it from the 
You need to make her feel cuter
And lay down the G like Luther, everything'll be 
Do for her, keep her in a new fur
So she look sweet when she go to meet the 
Got the buddha get the Grenadiers, twist it
Put it in the air, come here, kiss it
Listen here scooter, let her try to bag you
When she's on the rag, never let her fry the Ragu
Which'll have you under some type of spell crying "dag boo"
Her name on your back in a tattoo
Whether a bougie broad, nerd ho, street chick
Don't call her Wifey if you met her at the Freaknik
You don't want her don't waste her time, I'll dupe her
And be a father to your child like the 
He keep his hoes in check
Sends 'em out to get glows from off frozen necks
Tell 'em take his clothes, leave him posing naked for real
Better yet, get him for the check off the record deal
Find out where he keep the Tec and the blue steel
Make sure for extra wreck, let him know how you feel
And while he's running down to All-Star Weekend to ball
I'm coming with the U-Haul Hey there boys and girls!
Let me know if y'all with me y'all
I only play the games that I win at
And stay the same with more rhymes than there's ways to skin cats
As a matter of fact, let me rephrase
With more rhymes than ways to fillet felines these days
Watch the path of the black one, Super-villain
Who wrecks clubs for delf in a drunken stupor
Chillin, ready and willin' to inadvertantly foil that plan of the rhymers they be whiners like spoiled brats
Who got more snottier flows than snotty nose
And holds mics like he knows karate body blows
Nobody knows the trouble I see from the MPV
Fly dirty tailin' the bubble eye thirty
For the record this is some shit I just thought of y'all
It's science fiction that's not permissible in no court of law
I live to rock mics in 3-D
The only reason i seek to stop, to snuff the TV
I heard beats, they sound like karaoke with monkey rhymers on a leash like "don't let this nigga choke me"
Hit 'em with a penny so we could get these peanuts
And I thought we was nuts
I used to get free cuts
They lock Lex Luthor up in Green Haven
Since when a nigga never really been too clean shaven
Misbehavin' rap stars need Listament
Call me Mr. Bent, I'm at where your sister went, intelligent
Used to write and be well spoke
Now all a nigga wanna do is fight and sell-
Tell joke
This could lead to catastrophe
'Bout to stop the violence right after these last of three shots from the black bat that got me at headlock
Holdin' on to sanity by strands of that dreadlock
She told me get off, I said "Bitch, let me set this shit off so I could get rich"
Then this shit hit me like the point of intoxication
Imma come out and rock this nation
Like ox defacing
A lot niggas out is rusty like oxidation
In this world's strangest, most dangerous occupation
I could do it
I'm the super like in your building
Villain like trife Kinder is in All My Children
Plottin', and it's sure to pay ends
With some real mature womens and some more of they friends
And when bad men roll tight
It's actual true, like a pack of big Bambu with natural glue
Who grip necks of deuce to dukes to triple X
He just came in 4-D, follow the ripple effects
And it'll lead ya right to him
Oh snap!
Seems we've walked into a trap through rap
Zoinks! This place is filled with pretender willies
One false move and get broke off like end of Phillies
Yes true believers
Ain't nothing new to a
Crook with special powers like how to tell the future uhhhhh...
I picture rhyme of the month, two page long
I'm in it with two gauges and my cape on wrong
Son it's on, it's like a Raekwon tape song
With a fleet of superbad bitches, status: Rae Dawn Chong
Let me know if y'all with me y'all 
It's national and geographic, down to the titty ball
I represents MI City y'all
To my man Wiz doing his unsettling bids
You woulda got away if it was not for them meddling kids
M'er F'ersMary, you make me wanna eat you
Everytime I see you, it's like the first time I meet you
Frangrance like a flower, subtle and sweet too
Seductive and whatever, it might as well be see through
Like my genie in a bottle
Miss could get me rich like a magaziney model
Before you know it, he have her on a stroll
Fresh and ripe, perplexin like Acapulco Gold
If I had to guess, just right, not a day old
Like a cradle robber, copped her off, shop a trailer-load
Know the right number, you can get her
And hit while you would've sold to the highest bidder like
Fruits and berries, bring daddy loot in a hurry
Just be cute and don't worry
Type to make a nigga hallucinate and admit it
Then she started losing weight, lettin everybody hit it
I like Ally, sometimes she gets bitter
Always kept me happy, never had a problem with her
She used to let me use her, back when I was looser
Respect her to this day, and never did abuse her
I told her I'll be faithful, but she don't believe me
I probably coulda been, if I never meet Eevee
She make me feel all fuzzy inside, it's loco
You won't get nowheres near her if you're broke though
Kept a shorty, can't find 'em much thinnner
If caught I get mad time just for touchin her
Knock wood, so much for hymens
So fly, she should be in the sky with diamonds
Little young thing, she likes to do the tounge thing
At times, she would play hard to get, grunting
Or something, she made me feel like the number one king
Run into her now, and we still catch a fun fling
Met her at Central Park this one time
Had the God mentally sparked, reflectin sunshine
She said, you need to stop messin wit that white girl
She fuckin wit ya head and got ya heart in tight curl
We messed around once or twice, but she don't know me
She helped me get money at the dutch price OT
Plus she from Columbia, so she really Spanish
Cookie known to make a cat bank account vanish
And Miss Hazy, all the women mature black
Everytime she sees me, I end up gettin pulled back
All she want me to do is blaze it crazy
The only one complaint is, she make me too lazy
Sugar-mommy laced me with the butter navy Avi
Just her way to makeup for the headaches that she gave me
It's all gravy, when I'm done getting my mack on
Ally is always there to help me get back on*beatboxing intensefies*Smack it up, flip it, pulled out, 'bout to fell
Sunday in the ATL and I'm all outta ale
Like a bat out of hell, tripped on a cat tail
Mutt drinkin out a pail, who let the rat out the cell?
Got all the ingredients and recipe, might as well
Since last week, the bootlegger been in jail
If all else fail, inhale the L
Makin' sure they can't see your sale via snail mail
Mind like a sewer, servin' rhyme on a skewer
DOOM'll step to a fine dime like he knew her
"My black sister!" She said, "Step back!" before he kissed her
She did the dipper and the smack just missed her
There go a list of politics like Henry Kissinger
99% of rap's just a friendly listener
I'm like, "These dudes must have some screws loose to hate y'all"
Or a couple of ounces short of deuce-deuce or 8 Ball
Y'all know it's time for the end when the day come
Buy a album, get rudely insulted over fake drums
Same CDs you get for free, you break 'em
Wa-alaikum, make 'em eat they food like Steak-umm
Why she wanna ask me if I could pass the paprika?
One hand on the mic, the other on the beaker
Every week or so, peeked out the lab though, eureka!
A technique to keep somethin' uniquer in ya speaker
For yo' information, I didn't do the beat, y'all
It ain't my fault if she didn't move her feet at all
Skeeter, robbed Peter to pay Paul
So he could trick it on Mary so she can play ball
She better have my scrilla
Cut it out with all that funny hand jive, will ya?
All this trouble for a tall glass of Olde E
Drink it all fast and make you haul ass slowly
Remind me to remember what you told me
Holy moly, did you get a load of her roly-poly?
Yo, G, remind me to remember what you told me
Whoever don't feel him, feel balls like a goalie
One for the money, two for the better green
3,4-Methylenedioxymethamphetamine
Told the knock-kneed ghetto queen, "Get the head fiend"
Tell him it's for Medellin and use oxyacetylene
Who needs airplay? It's all just hearsay
Leave a wig like it was having a bad hair day
Miracle glide master, asked him what's his secret
He said Shasta and turned to formaldehyde faster
When I'm home with my lady, I try to duke her daily
One night, she tried to flail me with her ukulele
Pack your heat, the Villain on the cover of Black Beat
With a bunch of crackers and some snack meat
They better have my scrilla
Cut it out with all that funny hand jive, will ya?
All this trouble for a tall glass of Olde E
Drink it all fast and make you haul ass slowly
Remind me to remember what you told me
Holy moly, did you get a load of her roly-poly?
Yo, G, remind me to remember what you told meVillain is willy nilly!
Want you to call me at that address, if I'm still there, then I'll make sure you get the crack
Doom has taken over every continent! Meanwhile, back in space, Doom continues to search for colleagues
And your name?
Khan is my name. Khan, nothing else. Khan
As the funky beat continues, a rock steady
We have got to try to find Doom!
Good luck!
Time to get the feta!It's the beat, he hear it in his sleep sometimes
Blare it in your jeep so your peoples can stare at them rhymes
Real rhymes not your everyday hologram
Even when ribs was touchin', never swallowed the ham
He'd rather eat a sand sandwich salad
It might need salt like your man's bland ballad
A lot of stuff happens that the news won't tell you's
Blues on L juice, snooze, all hell loose
Rake it, take it like the good, the bad, the ugly
Break it, rollin' through ya hood in the caddy buggy
Butter softly, leather flossy, fatty juggy
Always threw me off when she told me, "Daddy, funk me"
I'm like, "Anywho's"
Seeds walkin' all out in street with out any shoes
I guess it's better than some funky socks
You need to get her some skips before she catch the monkey pox
Instead she wanna hear the beatbox
Take pills and make fake krills as sheetrock
Sing it, bring it, back to your laboratory
While he's in his oratory, glorious like a horror story
The mask is like Jason
They told the place not to let the basket type case in
He could be some kind of wacko
Waitin' for the chance to heat the pipes like a crack ho
He busted in, blessed be the Lord
Who believe any mess they read up on a message board
If so, I got bridges for the low low
Same bitch a-go dry snitchin' to the popo
Here, orange peel stogs for the whole tier
Feel like I've been gone over a year, came home to old gear
It was the shit when I first scooped it
At least I get to sit out in New York and curse stupid
Plead the fifth, sip wine stiffly
Patiently come up and be spiffy in a jiffy
Gift for the grind, criminal mind shifty
Swift with the nine through a fifty nine fifty
Well edumacated, he heard it when he meditated
In deep theta, let her hate the creep later
Dedicated cheap skata who keeps data
Say he stay self medicated to sleep later
Side effects is similar to sugar pill
Whoever go next on the mic he put a booger, ill
And made his exit on some calm shit
Begged him on the regular for kegs of more vomitspitMmm, Ladies
Mary, you make me wanna eat you
Everytime I see you, it's like the first time I meet you
Fragrance like a flower, subtle and sweet too
Seductive and whatever, it might as well be seafood
Like my genie in a bottle
Miss could get me rich like a magazine-y model
Before you know it, he have her on a stroll
Fresh and ripe, complexion like Acapulco Gold
If I had to guess, just right, not a day old
Like a cradle robber, copped her off, shop a trailer-load 
Know the right number, you can get her
And hit it while you would've sold to the highest bidder, like
Fruits and berries, bring daddy loot in a hurry
Just be cute, and don't worry
Type to make a nigga hallucinate and admit it
Then she started losing weight and letting everybody hit it 
Unlike Ally 
Always kept me happy, never had a problem with her
She used to let me use her, back when I was looser
Respect her until to this day and never did abuse her
I told her I'll be faithful, but she don't believe me
I probably could've been, if I'd never meet Evie
She make me feel all fuzzy inside, it's loco
You won't get nowheres near her if you're broke though
Kept a shorty, man, find 'em much thinner
If caught, I get mad time just for touching her
Knock wood, so much for hymens
So fly, she should be in the sky with diamonds 
Little young thing, she liked to do the tongue thing
At times she would play hard to get, fronting
Or something, she made me feel like the number one king
Run into her now, and we still catch a fun fling
Met her out in Central Park--that's one sign
Had the God mentally sparked, reflecting sunshine
She said "you need to stop messing with that white girl
She fucking with your head and got your heart in a tight curl" 
We messed around once or twice, but she don't know me
She helped me get money at the dunce price OT
Plus she from Colombia, so she really Spanish
Cookie known to make a cat bank account vanish
And Miss Hazy, older woman, mature black
Everytime she sees me, I end up gettin towed back
All she want me to do is blaze it crazy
The only one complaint is that she make me too lazy
Sugar-mommy laced me with the butter navy Avi
Just her way to make up for the headaches that she gave me
It's all gravy, when I'm done getting my mack on
Ally is always there to help me get back on
Mmm, Ladies
My favorite ladiesOh my my my I'm feeling high
My moneys gone, I'm all alone
The world keeps turning
Oh what a day, what a day, what a day
Peace and blessings manifest with every lesson learned
If your knowledge were your wealth then it would be well earned
If we were made in his image then call us by our names
Most intellects do not believe in God but they fear us just the same
Oh on and on and on and on
My cypher keeps moving like a rolling stone
On and on and on and on
All night till the break of dawn
I go on and on and on and on
My cypher keeps moving like a rolling stone
Oh on and on and on and on
Goddammit I'mma sing my song
I was born under water
With three dollars and six dimes
Yeah you might laugh cause you did not do your math
Like one, two, three
Damn, yall feel that
Like one, two, three
The world keeps turning
Oh what a day, what a day, what a day
The man that knows something knows that he knows nothing at all
Does it seem colder in your summertime and hotter in your fall
If we were made in his image then call us by our names
Most intellects do not believe in God but they fear us just the same
I am feeling kinda hungry cause my high is coming down
Don't feed me yours cause your food does not endure
I think I need a cup of tea, the world keeps burning
Oh what a day, what a day what a day
You rush into destruction cause you don't have nothing left
The mothership can't save you so your ass is gon get left
If we were made in his image then call us by our names
Most intellects do not believe in God but they fear us just the same
Oh on and on and on and on
My cypher keeps moving like a rolling stone
On and on and on and on
All night till the break of dawn
I go on and on and on and on
My cypher keeps moving like a rolling stone
On and on and on and on
Mad props to the God JaBornEl Umboumbukar
Swimming through women
Timid yet winning
She wasn't a fan of rimming
Yet her tongue was spinning
T'was her first  thanksgiving
She was surely living
Only the beginning
As her thong was thinning
How fitting
I began to feel the urge that we'd soon be skimming
Twinning, linning, birth the living
White on her kidney
What was I thinking?
Didn't want to tell her
Forgot La Tutela
Face turning yellow
What to say?
Don't wanna be touchee
That wanna be cooked me collard greens the next day
Told her of the milk and it hit her like a death ray
Villain got left on the side of the street
Fresh meat got the water skit by Alexi
Told her to text me
She told me "don't sex me"
Next she left me perplexed, what an effect
I need rest
Jack Best Rack Set Bad Chest Fashion Shooter
With the Negro Booler, Smarter than a tutor
She clicked clicked clacked like a supercomputer
Than Dipped after that like a fucking party pooper
Left her necklace on her seat
Put it up for bidding
Forbidden superstar
El Umboumbukar!
You know who the shooters are
Curry, Thompson
Sunny, Ramen
Muddy, Friend, Buddy, Compton
Swamps and Action Bronson
Wisconson Johnson
They've all been through the legend of Tommy
Men and mommy, Always running from me
Good with paper, Murakami Oragami
On the edge and sledge hammer lookin floppy
Who want me, Not you not her
Spot her drop her faster than copper
Rockin Ricky Jackson, like Lamar
Leave the door ajar
January 13th, The King of Qatar, regarde, voir
Kinda bizarre, but he plays the guitar
It's El UmboumbukarThis might be a good time to replenish your napkin supply. Let us take a short break. Now relax.
Relax
What do you want?
I don't speak Klingon
No. Where is the bathroom?
Do you know anyone here?
No, I don't know anyone here.
Are you transporting Tribbles?
No, I'm not transporting Tribbles.
I'm a Terreth! Are you a Klingon?
Yes. What do you want?
Excuse me
What is your number, Terreth?
My eyes sting. Now I can smell something. Help! Get help quickly!
To Terrens, this might seem a tackless way to begin a conversation, but among Klingons, it's considered quite civil.
Stop relaxing!You know the whole mask thing really alright it's a
Time in hip-hop where things from my point of view started going more to what things look like opposed to what things sound like yeah I mean
Before we ain't know what MCs look like until we
Went to the party and seen them rockin you know what I'm saying  you know most times you see them rockin' out at a show
Before I even knew you know what I'm saying
Yea before video the video you know so you know you really was going off the sound of the record, straight skills
See, once it started getting more publicized and you know it started being a hip-hop started being more of a money-making thing then you get these corporate ideas where you want to put what it looks like to sell what it sounds like with regional music
So, what I did was I said alright look I'm gonna come with the angle of it don't matter what I look like you know don't matter what the artists look like there's more than order sound like
So, the mask really represents the the whole, like to rebell against to trying to sell the product as a human being I mean it's more of a sound so you know and at the same time you know it's something different, you know what I'm saying?
And it fits with the team of the rebel or villain where you
Know to him he don't care about the fame and I'm sure that is shit is of no consequence, you know what I mean
It's more about the message of what's being said
So I think it helps people focus more on what's being said and it's still entertaining it's still like the theater and it has the appeal of you know something that could be considered entertaining but that message is still there, that, yo you know, villain
Represents anybody, anybody in here could
Wear the mask and be the villain
Male, female, any race, so-called race you know what I mean, it's about were you're coming from your heart you know what I'm saying?
What's the message  you got to say you know what I mean?
So that's just mainly why I chose to bring the mask into the foldDelete thisAs the clock ticks, he plays the low NY sticks
Pause, deep cover, binocular optics
Only spotted a rice grain on a chopstick
Zoomed out to notice a shiny badge, officer dropkick
Must've been pork fries, spit a chunk of fodder at his partner
As he put the ride in park, I see both eyes staring out the opposite side
On the block as they spied, a fiend glide by
Hotter than July, what a bullshit disguise
Vest bulging through the sides, aviator hides
It's just 5 past lunch rush, last time a fast guy took a dive
Step lively, look alive
The city don't sleep or take naps
And won't easily concede to jake traps
How quick he make scraps through fake daps
Either the trees, the D, or cracks that break snap
Choose your poison, amusing or annoyin'
Just be sure to avoid the blues in them boys 'n 'em
They not toyin', taxpayers help employ 'em
They turn around and treat 'em more worser than the goyim
Soarin' past the krilla to the other wearin' denim Lees
They real dirty, plain clothes enemies
Tend to be pretending in it to end the dudes legacy
With numbers that run concurrent, still it'd be a century
Or end in a heartbeat, them streets damned
For simply just tryna' eat and feed fam
The drug war turned out to be a complete sham
All the while throughout the system, a beat jam
Not my problem, he's here to watch the watchers to the last shift
And get paid good if who ask if
And be ready to blast through the hood, don't let your mask shift
And put that work in overtime to the last sniffTracks performed in act 1:
Hoe Cakes
Kon Queso
Kon Karne
One Beer
Beef Rapp
Vomitspit
Accordion
Meat Grinder
All Caps
Curls
Figaro
People Places & ThingsMF DOOM & MF Grimm - “My Love”
: MF Grimm]
: MF DOOM ]
: Sade - “Is It a Crime” ]
One by one, bitch niggas get served as I
Touch nerves with these Special Herbs
Listen here: you’re great, but Grimm is greater
At shows, I’ll Roc with Raida
Mad Flows stays in deep theta
Hits on me are paid by haters
So, Lord, if they kill me and I don’t shine, please
Dispose my foes I expose in rhymes
Who knows my flows can’t be froze in time
And they chose evil jinns and pray I die, but
Glows as my halo, Grimm grows in size
Some friends wasn’t friends, so I cut my ties
I learned fake concerns live through true lies
They smile in your face, look you in your eyes
Absorb all your energy, they leave you dry
Too dehydrated to cry 
: MF Grimm]
To my brothers trapped in the streets, through
Beats, I send my love
To my thugs that died at war, through
Slugs, I send my love
To the women that’s on their grind all
The time, I send my love
Loyalty is hard to find, so, to
The death, I give my love
: MF Grimm]
Yes.  That’s right.  Everybody, stand up.  Bust a shot in the air for a minute.  Uh
Since little kids, some of us did shit.  We
Got older and colder.  Now
On each other, we plot to kill.  So
Many lives put under.  Some
Backstabbed, worked with police, cut deals
Niggas screamed they gotta eat and I’m their meal
They eat my flesh, they drink my blood
They shit me out and rat me out, helped
Lock me up and pat me down
Put me in the system, beat me down, so I
Beat the system—how you like me now?
Peep how I diss these punk-ass clowns
Loopholes in the law, I’ma hit the town
Take off my state greens, put on my crown
Show my competition I don’t around, and
There’s no competition pound-for-pound
And where they hang out is the burial ground, but
If I have my way, bodies won’t be found
Deep in the woods, no one hears a sound
Cricket.  Flash from the muzzle as I click it
JetBlue steel, one-way ticket
Grimm Reaper gets so wicked, kick it
Aw, fuck it 
: MF Grimm] 
To my brothers trapped in the streets, through
Beats, I send my love
To my thugs that died at war, through
Slugs, I send my love
To the women that’s on their grind all
The time, I send my love
Loyalty is hard to find, so, to
The death, I give my love
: MF Grimm]
One more time.  Stand up, niggas.  Let’s go.  Manhattan.  New York City.  Here we come.  Here we come.  You don’t stop.  Uh, you don’t stop.  Uh, you don’t quit.  Grimm Reaper is the shit.  That’s right.  I’m gunning for you.  I’m coming for you.  Uh.  DJ Fisher, Day By Day Entertainment.  I’d like to introduce myself.  My name is Grimm Reaper.  The streets know.  Niggas in the street know who I am.  That’s why I get my love, and that’s who I show my love to.  I’m out.  Niggas see me in the street rolling, slap me five, say, “What up, Grimm?”Lyrics, don't blow it, bein’ heroic
And don't make me tell you again, stay stoic
Nowhere near the radar, way below it
Barely ever what they say they are and they know it
Let 'em be what they wanna be, pros see methodically
Properly, some you gotta test periodically, ironically
As far as humans, loyalty is an oddity
As far as bein’ snakes though, it'd probably be two outta three
Make sure the inner heat match the outer heat
Mask on, get that bread, undoubtedly
Seen a presidential suite on a balcony
Watch how he make it all happen through alchemy
That's unimportant, levels get deeper
True essence lives behind the mind of the seeker
Curiosity's great, but effort makes you weaker
Relax, just be what's comin' out the freakin' speaker
Eureka When the tries
 All out of loveEatin' Captain Crunch for lunch, don't get your panties in a bunch
Shorty passed out, he coulda put the whammy in the punch
Had he a hunch, he could get set up like one Cosby
Slidin' off of three snowflakes like Tom Bosley
Remember Charlie's Angels? They had to make some changes
Three broads with burners, these dames could get dangerous
Dude you never see will forever remain nameless
Two of them things black, the last one's stainless
Don't deal with the Devil on a deep level
They see metal and sound off like a tea kettle
Blow the spot up lovely
With no reference to skin color, God don't like ugly
Wise man once said not to showboat
And treat the yacht the same way as a rowboat 
The snakes'll hang theyself with they own rope
And watch a jewel transform to a known quote
All I'm tryna do is just make mine
Why a sideline rider tryna take mine?
Cause I shine like the sun, broad day time
Puttin' facts to the claps and the bassline 
All I'm tryna do is just make mine
Why a sideline rider tryna take mine?
Cause I shine like the sun, broad day time
Puttin' facts to the claps and the bassline Tracks performed in act 2:
Go With The Flow
Doomsday
Hey!
Rhymes Like Dimes
Change The Beat
The Fine PrintMF DOOM & MF Grimm - “Return to Monsta Island”
: MF Grimm]
: MF DOOM ”)]
They are huge.  All have lovely destructive powers.  With these, we shall conquer Earth
Return back to Monsta
Island 
Jet Jag summon all
Monstas
Uh
Open shows
Like a shank, headliners bleed to death.  Rhyming
After us, you’re wasting your breath.  When
We step off stage, fans get up and leave
Caught stealing our show, locked up for death
Your video is dope, a lot of special effects
Very entertaining, but, on stage, you’re a wreck
Open up, but, still, we’re top billing
Kong, Spiga, MeccaGodZilla
Invizabul Man, King Cesar, Megalon
Biolante, Smog, King Geedorah, Ray Long
Rodan, Kamackeris, Gigan
There’s no crew that can fuck with our fam
Let me make it clear: Jet Jaguar’s the man
People run in fear, knocking over buildings
Military coming with the tanks, so we stop ‘em
Stronghold affiliates, we merge with ‘em
Combine, Strong Monstas.  Hard, we hit ‘em
Fucking up the industry, together we get ‘em
Cryptic, Atoms Family, Vast Aire
Vordul, Dub-L, Immortal Technique
We make ears bleed when we speak
Whether Rayna Shine around a Pen full of Poison
Rainmakerz get the paper, buy some acres
Fuck around, getting nothing by the Lakers
Respect us.  You don’t have to like us
We bring the ruckus, shut you down like Rawkus
When we’re not around, our competition screams fuck us
But when we’re in their face, they just suck us
Because they’re suckers
Get it?  Uh
Back to the chorus
Return back to Monsta
Island
Jet Jag summon all
Monstas
Uh
C-Rayz Walz, Poison Pen, Lord Smog , Invizabul Man, Rayna Shine, Jet Jaguar Superstar , Breez Evahflowin’, Vast Aire, Cryptic , Hangar 18, Large Professor, Jon Doe, Prophetix.   X-Ecutioners , niggas, Roc Raida, Day By Day.  Uh, uh, uh.  Kurious.  Uh, The Mighty V.I.C.  The mighty M.I.C. from NYC.  Yves St. Larock, J. Marty.  East Coast, we bring it back.  PMD, Khadafi.  What, what?  Nigga, we’re Strong over here.  Strong Monstas, M.I.C., Parallel Thought.  M.I.C., M.I.C., M.I.C.  Uh, uh, uh.  MattMF DOOM & MF Grimm ft. Kurious - “Mugwort + Cinnamon = Shifting Lanes”
: Kurious and MF Grimm]
: MF DOOM ]
: Coke Escovedo - “Hangin’ On” ]
Fastlane, shift lanes as we pass lames
Spit flames at those playing mad games
Too Fast, Too Furious, Kurious
Speed Racer, Grimm Reaper start drag race
Metal Face, Metal Fingers build engine
Eat dust.  You chase, take last place
Burn clutch, lost speed plus lost mind
Crush dreams as we cross finish line
]
The Magician behind the wheel, 
, burn house down
Living legends from the NYC
, and Grimm is me
 as we’re shifting to three
, shift lanes 
, result is mad games
 just to get small change
 just ‘cause some don’t know yet
, but watch how crazy the dude get
—we can do anything
, New York champs with many rings
Sticks and stones break bones, bullet break spirits
When body fall, destiny call—only you can hear it
Circumstances different when it’s your blood smeared
Fifty percent be anger, fifty percent be fear of the
Unknown.  Life retreat, Death come near.  No longer
Home, delete Earth.  I shed tears for
The steam, evaporated spiritual
And the dreams that die with the physical
And it seems you’re gonna need a miracle
Ween, resurrect back so biblical
Stable, no longer critical
Redeem, creep through using lyrical
I step up, spit shit that’s out the stratosphere
Put the money in the bag, my brother.  We’re out of here
I spell it in attempts to make things clear
Put your act together, shift lanes, and get it in gear
I could be a good boy, save the game like Bruce Sutter
Get pissy on ‘em tell you, “Go fuck your mother”
“You look a little funny, kid”—I ain’t stutter
Kurious number one, go fuck your mother
Rhymes are freaking blades, me and Grimm is butter
Rhyme for freaking days, go fuck your mother
Shift lanes for big gains like no other
Come back for some love, sucker, bless your mother
Haha, that shit is bananas, man.  I don’t know about that one, man, but that shit is crazy.  It’s hilarious
Fastlane, shift lanes as we pass lames
Spit flames at those playing mad games
Too Fast, Too Furious, Kurious
Speed Racer, Grimm Reaper start drag race
Metal Face, Metal Fingers build engine
Eat dust.  You chase, take last place
Burn clutch, lost speed plus lost mind
Crush dreams as we cross finish line
Yeah.  Yo, this is Kurious talking.  You know I be bugging with all that “go fuck your mother” and everything, but, yo, this rap thing is a blessing, and it’s beautiful, and we get down, me, GM Grimm, the whole fam, M.I.CMF DOOM & MF Grimm - “Styrax Gum + Nutmeg = Tick Tick Pt. 2”
: MF Grimm]
: MF DOOM ]
: Robert Cobert Orchestra - “Dark Shadows Theme” ]
: Daryl Hall & John Oates - “I Can’t Go For That ” ]
Welcome back to the rollercoaster ride.  Now please fasten your seatbelts and enjoy the ride.  Thank you
I’m Mad Flow.  Challenge me, it’s costly
Some rappers shine, MF is pure glossy
Lyrics light in the ass, you can’t toss me
MF Grimm back to show who the boss be
Emergency state.  In my head, I hear voices
Some agree with me, some scold my choices
Reality crack the pieces—try to fix it, but ain’t the same
Back to basic fundamentals of the rap game.  Don’t
Give a fuck who you are, put that ass to shame
Tore you graffiti style, destroy your fucking name
Old-school, new-school, the one you like, you choose
Makes me no different—both them get abused
Disgusted old-school rappers fuss, rhymes shows debris
Of rust.  They tried but they can’t keep up with us
New-school rappers fail.  They rhyme about
Crack sales and shoot-outs, but all that shit is DuckTales
Mad Flows always prevail
Been shot, sold drugs, even went to jail
Downfall of Ibliys: Ghetto Opera made on bail
“What A Niggy Know? ,” all hail
MF Mad Fresh, the rest is all stale
DOOM pounding out beats, sipping on ale
Room starts spinning, now you’re frail and you’re pale
Died dizzy in your coffin, I hammered nails
Welcome back to the rollercoaster ride.  And now we...
: MF Grimm]
Slow it up, speed it up, slow it up, speed it up
Metal Finger feed beats, Grimm Reaper eat it up
Slow it up, speed it up, speed it even faster
Slow it down all the way.  MF is the master
Punch out, punch in, double up the drums
MF Grimm, MF DOOM, tick, tick, boom!
: MF Grimm]
Keep it going.  Yes, yes, yes.  Yes, yes, yes.  Uh.  One
We’re not done.  This will never end.  Hope you enjoyed your ride.  Now please fasten your seatbelts and enjoy the ride.  Thank you.  Metal Face, Day By Day.  We don’t stop.  We don’t stop.  Uh, we don’t stop.  Special Herbs + SpicesThis joint is for the arrogant cats
That be trying to play humble
Talking behind they backs saying this and that
We got something for y'all
I'm in the house with Substance Abuse
And we're here to give y'all something
That'll make your ears pop
Yo... ...break it down, like this
Before you get to trusting a rapper
Just take a long, hard look at what he's after
And you may be surprised...
Once a chapter is closed some will try to revise, rekindle, revive
But most fail to realize
It's real hard, we real losers  fraud
Self-disclosure the crux of your facade
In this quest for novelty, the truth is absolving me
Becoming faulty, when I stayForced live lives
We don't want to lead
Abiding by rules
Living on our kneesWrapped, Packaged
Pleasing to the eye
Advertised, Brainwashed
You're ready to buy
Want not need
Consumer greed
Don't know where it came from
And don't really care
As long as there's more
As long as it's there
Everyone has one
Why haven't I?
Saw it on TV
Just gotta buy!
Want not need
Consumer greedI'd like to start off by thanking our sponsor
For financing the parts for this Frankenstein monster
Along with my partner who's a bro of few words
We did this research for true nerds and two birds
Piano; do a show, same time, watch it
And guaranteed to give 'em more than just hock spit
MC extraordinaire, technique sort of rare
Caught a glare, sure to scare, next week, more to share
From the most retarded-est artists this year and forever
Villain 'nem, the mean big brothers love ya'
Definitely felonies, telling me
Treacherously MC, yelling B, set 'em free
Let me see, that strategy's misleading
G's all in the freezer with the batteries and Z-Rims
He, him stalked the concrete with bunion
And won't hurt corns when it's on like the stun gun
*tsssst* Not so shocking
Funyun faced rappers eat rocks, over beatboxing
Debunk punks with a stock flow
And make it funky fresh with no socks for hocko
Madvillain been as high as Kathmandu
And tilted to the side like that fat man's shoe
Look, not to give a mixed signal
The rap game got more toys than Kris Kringle
And he's fake, yer ears is not deceiving
I can't believe my eyeballs no more than "Steveland"
No wonder, OMFG
Snuck him like an unexpected blow from a lefty
Caught me, almost shot a eye out
Felt good though, even with the cotton dry mouth
Time out, okay, time back in
Never seen a living human being with black skin
What's crackin'? Besides smoking trees and wheezing
With no reason working like a broken tetrahedron
He get paid and get even
Building, still get mad when it's time to get v-vanim
They thought the Don had gone silent
Since deep in his studies he's accepted non-violence
Don't make him have to skip some classes
And open up an old can of whoop-ass with the fastness
Cut the raw with melatonin put a little more in
Strip club full of whores and grown men snoring
Keep the block sown like Thread and Bobbin Bonus
And make sure the seeds know they'd never ever own this
Beat a dead pony and sell the corpse for glue
Get a portion off the proceeds for the shoe
No need to bleed if there’s no big to do
Flew a fly flow with the speed of Mr. Magoo
Blew a wad on a platinum card debit
Come back, broke as hell, ask the god for credit, dead it
The mask is like a hand crafted ghillie suit
Only if the ladies could see him, they’d say he's really cute
Hmm, thanks in advance
Don’t try to be cool now, had ya chance
Avalanche, rappers is Bagger Vance acting
Who need to fix they pants or get smacked by the Mac 10
Or 11, or both
Find Jesus, see the reverend, take the oath
He moves his huge hands in the dark like fate
Waitin' for the date to drop the tape like baitHe used to get straight As
Nowadays, "get way paid" is the pet phrase
Set the stage, preferably night time
Daylight reserved for research and writin' rhymes
Things is harder than the tarnish on the garnets
In his gold teeth to eat, goshdarn it V hold heat
Goin' all out to the fullest, all dipped
Chrome four-fiddith, no bullets no clip
Black electric tape over the hole in the handle
If you hold it right and hit 'em with it they can't tell
But still, you gotta be careful
Dudes be so scared they cop pleas by the ear-full
V's personal fave is "Please dont kill me"
Empty out your pockets and he probably won't, willy
But if you don't hurry up and shut up, I'll kill ya
So lay down and count to a hundred loud will ya?
When the nickle gleam like its greased up
Thugs turn to icicles, hard rocks freeze up
This could all be a distraction just to buy time to blast you
So keep something to cut in case you has to
If he was on the island he'd probably rob a millionaire
And be known for wilin' out like Bob Dylan's hair
These clever war tips
You won't get from cats who never wore skips
Now lets get down to brass tacks
Follow procedure and count stacks like nasdaq
Don't be caught snoozin
In the early morning hours from a long night of boozing
Stick 'em up chump, you know what this is
Do the right thing you might live to see your kids
All he said was "c'mon don't shoot!"
So shook I think he shit his Sean John suit
Why you starin'? run your chain like an errand
And your girls earrings, and what you wearin'
Survival tactics for when things get too gritty
He feels its his duty to the people of the city
Just so long as nobody get hurt
It keep your average civilian on point and alert
And don't forget to check her d-cup
Now I bust how he got this duck for his re-up
Then he's back on the bricks, smokin indo'
Never let a handy fiend fix your broken window
Oh, who wanna hate the witty lurker
Who follow y'all on the late, dressed like a city worker
Ok miss, come up off that bracelet
Just got your hair did don't make me waste it
So, go to hades get the devil for his stash
But no old ladies unless you're sure they carry mad cash
Like the one from the liquor store
He watched her for weeks now, ready for the quick score
Before he told her whore get on the floor
She pulled out and let off like Quick Draw McGraw
Damn yo, he lucky, she barely nicked the camo
He would've let her have it, if he had the ammo
Its all in good fun, true
Moral of the story son duke
Senior citizens'll bust their guns too!Answer to the riddle
More hidden than a crook
The only way they find it
If he’s spittin' in a hook
Look, they love to know the story, more grody than Mr. Crowley
For those embarrassed to know holier than thou Imoli habits
Paris to the Gobi bring him up to speed slowly
On the low key, Kindles is phony D
Taste stale, see the world in shades of gray-scale
Right there in black and white, protected by chain-mail
Today’s the day, made his way to see his sister'n'um
Took my little mens with her, told em loved em.. kisseded them
These over-sensitive youngins' is on some new stuff
Can't sit still-- focus the time it takes to do enough
From off the mean streets of the ‘Can I get a dollar dude?’
Above measure the singular pleasure of solitude
It’s your poison, if you so choose, absorb it
Feel it in your veins to the brain shoot off into orbit
How you know octagon? Or much less Tetragrammaton
To get the good stuff you need to get out to the Amazon
With any luck we might just score locally
Shh, keep it on the hush when you speakin' on it vocally
Then you gotta be on the in, a known member
I think I still owe 'em lil something since November, whatever
Who need credit when cash speak, get it
Sweatin' sittin on this package from last week
We all got our weaknesses, along with the functionin' dead
Some'll end up fudgin' numbers, buggin' and lunchin' instead
It’s Netflix to the head, second best trick to get the chicks to the bed
Answer to the riddle
More hidden than a crook
The only way they find it
If he’s spittin' in a hook
Answer to the riddle
More hidden than a crook
The only way they find it
If he’s spittin' in a hook
Answer to the riddle
More hidden than a crook
The only way they find it
If he’s spittin' in a hookAye, yo
I don't remember, what the fuck
But, yo
I said, I’m nicer than the good Samaritan
I make it rain, no racks but like a tribal African
Got a call from my tall Spanish friend 
Rugburn city, and now my knees need bandagin'
Nah, the smoke's not loud, it’s obnoxious
I spit cyber-hot shit to fry your fiber-optics
Watch this magic trick, quickly cut this bitch in half
Then walk off colder than a winter draft
Ask Mulder and Scully, Deck's style, X-File
Extra-terrestrial, wow
Alien flow, cooler, Super-Saiyan blow
Rebel of mighty Wu Clan
Handin' out ass-whippins on a group plan
So call me Mr. CZARFACE
More action than the fight scene, the shootout and the car chase
Spoken word on 'em, right?
Villain gone haywire
Hey liar, don't cry wolf, say fire
Pray higher, old guy'll stay by ya
The outcome cost more than what you paid prior
Turbulence from circumstance
Quite perceptive, do his dance moment he turned and glanced
It's worth a thousand words, cowards die a thousand deaths
Sounds fresh, so pay up with a pound of flesh
Now the test like cops barged in and found the mess
Outcome critical, lay down in the ground and rest
Wake up in a million years, still here with his Villain peers
Hittin' gears for another pill and beers
Me and Jorjito crack a joke and still in tears
 Guess God is a comedian
While the poor get devoured in the jaws of greedy men
Whose daughter’s out dancin’ to techno and BDM
Sell soul? Heck no, sucker, 'til we meet again
Saga of the Villain, brand new chapters
Do amass new billions, barf krill on masses and rose-gold pavilions
Rare form of integrity, oughta draw gazillions
All in they feelin’s, hatin' gets you nowhere
Go home, practice one-two checks, oh yeah
Word
Okay alright yo, you brought a knife to a gunfight
Yeah well I would do that and stab the shooter, broad sunlight
Tadada, I'm back in rehab, no secrecy
I'm seekin’ treatment for beatin' MCs repeatedly
You petty locals, made for soft shit like Kenny Chesney vocals
Mine are more like Reggie Noble's
Yeah, I'm up in this bitch with Fonzarelli
Leave MCs ate, Eazy, no Compton deli
Old warrior like Chris Mullin
I'ma do a heel turn and kick your fuckin' skull in
And walk away spittin' poetry like Countee Cullen
I'm the one true king of this one-two thing
The way I kick bars and darts
You'd think I mixed Marshall's art with mixed martial artsBlack has no standing at law
Whack, billy club bat to the jaw
They got the dogs and the gats at your door
If you're smart, get your ass on the floor
Yeah, villain within reason
No consumption, it's pig grilling season
Trees in black, white, Indonesian
You lackin' with no heat and it's freezing
Now send the cop in your head on a beer run
To see him die when he jump out your eardrum
It's even better than using a machine gun
After all, been dukin' him so long, it's been a mean run
A fleet of cars and three cribs redone
Don't touch the lawn and then pay the kid with the green thumb
They nervous like first time in a threesome
And shoot too early like precum
Yeah, pause, seem dumb
Sell 'em to hell, no refund
Profiled for a Philly and a down coat
Run through your mind, shooting unarmed brown folk
Bullcrap, you couldn't get out with cow soap
Like a rapper selling his soul and don't sound dope
All for naught, in the mall, he got caught
Crowd gathered like, "Yes, yes, y'all," an onslaughtRock, rock, y'all, between the tick, tock, y’all
I came out the Magnolia like the beetle, the genie of the incense smoke
From the church steeple, mixed with the prayers of the people
Pollination, Subhanahu wa ta'ala Nation
Global recalibration, Roc Nation causing shock waves
In the basement, seven thousand kilohertz
With every verse I heal the earth, with every line I drop
The tears of man into a cloud, in a fine mist until it bursts
And rain from the brain, snowflakes for the pain
The flow is just so insane, we wondering why you came
Here's a jewel, son; be yourself
Quit looking like someone else, get your dignity off the shelf
The true Jedi code is stealth, stay in tune with whatever else
The Asiatic galactic master of the atlas
Author of mathematics civilized the savage, terrorized the clerics
Big black chief like Robert Parish
I broke the deputy neck while Metal Face shot the sheriff
Soul rebel in the deadly bout with the devil
Conquerin’ every level, the best part is where I settle
Spread love through every ghetto, plus suburbia
Me over the track is a acquisition, a merger couldn't be any further
Woke the game up into a fervor then disappeared like the burglar
The style you never heard of, the very premise is murder
But sweeter than a Werther's, roam the Earth like Bedouins and Berbers
The great ancient goat herder, emerging through your server
Ash Hadu Allah Ilaha Illallah
Wahdahu La Sharika Lahu—by far 
Rock, rock, y'all, between the tick, tock, y'all
DOOM out the vortex to your neocortex
Your guess who spit the rawness is good as GORE-TEX®
Metal Face turtleneck vest, built to support bras
Standard issue for broads, carbon like ya sports car
Anybody ask—he retired
Tried to hold the villain to task—he was fired
Fired up, his own boss on strike
Accused of using hot pepper sauce on the mic
Get tossed on a spike or cross if you like
So be cautious, leave 'em nauseous as pork sausages
Salami and some bacon, some bacon and some ham
Plans get mistaken for a scam, ah, damn, fam
Bless the child who hold his own, none could master respect
Soundwave transform like Rumble, Ratchet eject
It's more secret than Al Gore's wallet
Or Val Thor’s comet or style wars, bomb it
Or that gal of yours armpit, darn it
I promiseThe Villain ain't rhymin off bread alone
Let him get some cognac, a mic and a headphone
Smoke and mirrors, caught her in the mix
Couldn't read the shorthand for mortars and bricks
If any negative thought linger, he let it vent
Wrote this one with his middle finger in wet cement
Did it on the sly
Before he's gone bye bye, spit it on the fly
Brush your teeth, rinse and gargle
A true nerd who messed with new words since Boggle
And used slang in Scrabble
Rhymed with a Northern drawl, twang and babble
Flossy pen jargon to break the world record
Do a Faustian bargain and tape the girl naked
More spots than a leopard
Then he had to stop, the block was hot peppered
Shepherd, leading the sheeps out to slaughter
Kept it, sold and repped it, everytime he saw ya
Tryin' to douse a pinch of weed in a frat street house
I'll make mince meat out of that  mouse!
Welcome to the show
Remember whatever you do, do not boo the flow
Schooled the dumb on the number one rule of thumb
What a fool; still you never met a cooler bum
Give the drummer some rum, I'm sure he could use a shot
Just to get his cues hot, ensure he don't lose his spot
A stranger who speaks to you vocal
Danger made the beat, get a freak to do the bogle
No bull, everything he wanted they grabbed and took
Whole lab looked like an ill left jab and hook
Even had a secretary to take the calls
Shake it and make it fall, I told her don't break my balls
Wherever Mouse go, trouble follows
The bounty on this pro was mills and double dollars
Vil spilled muddled flows that befuddled scholars
Thick Buffalo girl with the bubble hollars
She rocked leather and gold, a fat blouse
And need a brother with soul to let her cat out
Even if the rat couldn't compete with Kraus
I'll make mince meat out of that  mouse!
Tap ya toe, grime and strapped for dough
Rap for show, to let the whippersnappers know
Sucks to be them, now pass that loot
Up under the tux, he wore a hazmat suit
Sounded like froggy, sip the groggiest of potions
Be up in the party with the foggiest of notions
On the list of lobbyists who save the oceans
Gave his donation to the lady with the lotions
Swoll hand itchin, the old man bitchin
Switchin with the fan with the gold band twitchin
Spittin like a bionic sneeze that freeze vodka
Just to clear the air like the Ionic Breeze Quadra
Sleek enough to outsly a fox
For a chicken pot pie, thinkin outside the box
Would love to taste her goody
But got no time to be wastin chasin putty
Out for Daffy Duck bucks, Porky Pig paper
Bugs Bunny money or Sylvester Cat caper
Off a DAT tape of rap, country or deep house
And
I'll make mince meat out of that  mouse!Elmo's out in the hood one morning
So pissed off that he put out a warning
Said if he ever see Ernie or Bert, swear on his life that they gonna get hurt
'Cause Bert and Ern' got a hood operation
Heard sellin' O's was a good occupation
So they came with a foolproof plan
To go in the business and make a few grand
But everything around here's Elmo's turf
Ever since he first had beef with the smurf
All he ever found was a little white hat
Stained with the blue blood couldn't strike back
Once again, gotta prove he's no slouch
Gets on the phone, calls Oscar the Grouch
Tells him he'll get ten-thousand a head
For Bert and Ern' if they're both found dead
Grouch is a big thug, carries a 'K
And somebody's always getting carried away
When he come around trippin'
Them boys better not come around slippin', they'll be underground drippin'
Grover's outside, in front of Crown Chicken
Trying to talk Zoe into coming down strippin'
They see Grouch and they hop in the store
Grouch starts shootin', they drop to the floor
"So why's he shootin' at him and the bitch?"
Word on the street is Grover's a snitch
Turns state's evidence
Got Big Bird locked, gave cops the address to his residence
For the right kind of presidents
You can get shot on the spot, no hesitance
But anyway, the drive-by fail
Ernie on the run, Grouch hot on the trail
Bert said 'enough of this'
Got on the phone, called his own hitman, Snuffleupagus
He said 'we got a problem, Snuff...
Elmo's mad and this boy don't bluff'
He wants me and Ern' in the morgue, but I ain't going out like Kermit the Frog
He got both legs chopped off
And died with some fries on the side and some hot sauce
They had a business connection
Now Miss Piggy's in the witness protection
Bert said 'we gotta act first...
'cause I ain't gonna ride in the back of a black hearse...
Mom's dressed up in the black church...
With a black dress and a black purse'
Snuff' said 'don't sweat it...
Elmo and his whole team gon' get it...
But it won't be a fun job...
So I brought in my homeboy, Spongebob'
Snuffy and Sponge' ridin' round in the funk
Elmo and Count out front gettin' drunk
Sponge', he got a '9
Snuffy got a big black sword of punk that he keeps in the trunk
They jump out the car like a scene in a movie
Count throws his cape back, dude got an uzi
He lets off every shot in the gun
400 rounds and he counted each one
Elmo's smilin', he's so cunning
He knew they were coming, so he's not running
Grouch pops out of a trash can, gunning
Shooting every which-a-way
Shots like picture day
Sound like the Vietnam War
Snuffy catch four, Spongebob gets away
You wonder how he escaped?
Snuffy didn't know that Sponge' was a snake
He's been hanging with Elmo's crew since he fell out with Patrick back in '02
They jump in the truck and they ride out
On their way to Bert and Ern's hideout
They had Spongebob show the way
He was over there just the other day
They lock and load it with a full clip
But y'all know, this is pure bullshitBig up all the Monsta Island massive
And beware before I triple dare you like the last kid
Who asked me what we don't got that you got son
For one flow that's elementary my dear Watson
Secondly, ever since I was little
Not so much to riddle, least rhyme to the syllable
Keep tracks that make a Arab thief clap
With no hands, I chopped these drums off, truly yours, G Rap
Actual fact, relax
In this land of lyrical lost, black, I'm not the cool sleestak
The one who might stop and talk to you
Poisoned a few, niggas who be biting styles I'm like pork too
Ooh, what you got to lose? Let mud fly
When I got blues I chew whole crews that's bud dry
So I ask why the styes from the cess
Shit be fucking with my eye as I pull it to the chest
The super motherfucking villain grip the mic with an iron hand
Throwing MCs to the fire from out the frying pan
It ain't no use in trying, man, son stop crying
Fronting like you death-defying, you need to stop lying
Speak your piece only once you're spoken to first
Now let me hear your verse while I'm choking you
With well refined rhymes like a editor
Throw them to my collections of skulls and spines like Predator
Fuck around, the only niggas who could hear the same sound  was Jet Jaguar and James Brown
Ain't you glad I took the time to write their names down to big 'em up 
I'd like to say, "Hi, it's Sci.Fly the odd Merlin"
That's quick to whip up a script like Rod Serling
Who eye on bad bitch who used to whip the Sterling
Who see God toke but never see God hurlin'
My man Grimm had his little monkey like Space Ghost
Me myself I got flavors that out-taste most
With numb gums, some rhymers is lactose
Back to you MF DOOM, you late show host
S to the U to the P E R-uh
Who chronicle these times in a 3D horror
Thriller porno co-starrer in a realer drama
Who break bread with stingy kin-men, indian borrower
Lone gunman who candidly flip fly flows
Single-handedly with one eye closed
In a fly pose, no shirt Alayé
May see me stack the quarter-mill cash pay
That's that n a smash way how he did it
Motherfucker probably couldn't peep it past a minute
Exquisite scripts, that quick shit, go with flow
That's how we do it thoughTranscibing soonWhy y'all niggas is sis' to fuck with Lil' Fame
I analyze the streets, spit real game
I'll blast on you as you pass on through
Catch you right where you stand put your ass on you
I remind niggas with that blue steel that you rip
And the rush that you felt from the nigga that you hit, now
How many niggas wanna ride with me, collide with me
Be accesoires to homicide with me 
Who I hang with, bang with, spit flames with
The hand full of niggas that I came with
I ain't tripping, I know you got a hell of a plan
For the man if you ever caught me slipping
You will stop me, won't you, pop me, won't you
But you know I'll whoop ya motherfucking ass bitch, don't you
My family strong, your mams don't need so stop breathing'
Before you cats and you ass get deleted
Look, ain't nobody stoppin' this here
You'll see it, it's on and poppin' this year
Mound up  Pounds up! 
We build this foundation, from the ground up nigga
Stand up faggot, I'll let you have it where you post at
 Back with my golden fiend and Womack
 Nigga hold that, Juliani can't control that
 He know that
With the same cats that blaze DAT's on the boulevard
We remain strapped, then came back, doin' it hard
So send your soldiers cobra and I will send everyone of 'em back
With holes under they' hat, falls of through they' back
Damn with it motherfucker  All day real with it motherfucker
I'm not your average, I'm from a block where they trap cops
And made 'em holler ten-thirteen
It's the commander, Danze, hands, down
You need to know who you fucking with now
Now kill-a-kill again, with an unusual will to win
An unusual will to sin, stop fucking with me
Look, ain't nobody stoppin' this here
You'll see it, it's on and poppin' this year
Mound up  Pounds up! 
We build this foundation, from the ground up nigga
It's an every day thing in a every day game
More day every day, motherfucker bang 
It's the streets in me, and me, I'm staying tuned to this shit
It's music to my ears, I'm immune to this shit
I'm suffering, from a disease called 'Leave me the fuck alone'
In this full blown , bitch
M.O.P., prepare for the ruckus
And we murder-murder-ma-murder-murder you motherfuckers
Allow me the way out, down out, pull my gun out
Run out in the middle of a street light 
Ah, there you go, bastard, murder international, custom main caskets
Now could any of you cocksuckers turn to me
The way this streetgame is going is concerning me
Whatever happened to the old days
We all blaze, we all study criminal ways
Look, ain't nobody stoppin' this here
You'll see it, it's on and poppin' this year
Mound up  Pounds up! 
We build this foundation, from the ground up niggaStuck in a maze, a labyrinth of hate. Shattered doors in
A mask of haze. Struggling madly in a cage. Desperately
Searching for a way out of the maze. Running blindly not
Feeling the floor, nothing to stand on we fall. Lost in
The halls, I'm looking for the doors. Confusion! My
Senses are dying. My soul is crying. Let me out, let me
Out! I'm screaming! Running blindly through the visions
Barefoot and defenseless. Running blindly through the
Dark, infested woods. Time and time again. Disillusion
I'm deeper in the maze. Further from the light. I scream
Out of the confusion. I'm being consumed by confusion. My
World has been shattered. Crippled. All we have left is
Fragments of doors. Though we once had but never had
We've all been fooled. Confusion. My senses are dying my
Soul is crying. Let me out. Let me out. I'm screaming
I'm living in a demented labyrinth. tortured. Lost
Crippled. I'm a part of this confusion. Shattered
Confusion. Shattered vision. All that I have left is
Illusion. I'm screaming at the confusion. I'm being
Consumed by confusion. In an abstract, in a world of
Confusion!Yea the whole mask thing
Really ight
Things in my point of view
Starting going to
How things looked like
Opposed what things sound like
Ya know what i mean
Before you didn't know what emcees looked like
When you see em at party rocking
You know so
Most times you em rock at a show
Before you even knew
Know what I'm saying
Before videos pre videos
You know so
You were going off the sound of the record
Straight skills
See once it started getting more publicized
And you know
Once hip hop started getting money making thing
Then you start getting these corporate ideas
Where you want to put what it looks like
To sell what to sounds what it looks like
We dealing with music
So what I did
I came with the angle of
It don't matter what I look like
It don't matter what the artist look like
It's more bout what the artist sound like
Mask really represents the whole rebel
On trying sell a whole human being
More of a sound
At the same time it's something different
You know what I'm saying
It fits with the theme
Of the theme of the rebel of a villain
Where to him
He doesn't care bout the fame none of that shit
That shit has no consequence
You know what i mean
It's more on the message
On what's being said
So it helps people focus more
On what's being said
It's still entertaining it's still like the theater
It has the appeal of you know
Something it can be considered entertaining
That message is still there
That villain represents anybody
Anybody can where the mask
Can be the villain
Male or female any race
So call race
It's about where you coming from
From your heart
What's the message
What you got to say
You know what i mean
That's why i mainly chose to bring the mask
Into the foldI get no kick from champagne
Mere alcohol doesn't thrill me at all
So tell me why should it be true?
I get a kick out of brew
There's only one beer left
Rappers screaming all in our ears like we're deaf
Tempt me, do a number on a label
Eat up all they MC's and drink 'em under the table
"It's on me. Put it on my tab kid."
However you get there, foot it, cab it, iron horse it
You're leavin on your face, forfeit
Of course the mic, hold it like the heat, he might toss it
Told her tell him they stole it - he told her he lost it
She told him, "Get off it," and a bunch of other more shit
Gettin money, D's be gettin no new leads
It's like he eatin watermelon, spittin seed after seed
It's the bleed, give me some of what he's droopin off
Soon as he wake up, chokin like it was whoopin cough
They group been soft
First hour at the open bar and they're troopin off
He went to go laugh and get some head by the side road
She asked him autograph her derriere, read
“Too Wide Load, this yard bird taste like fried toad turd
Love, Villain.” Take pride in code words
Crooked eye mold nerd geek with a cold heart
Probably still be speakin in rhymes as a old fart
Study how to eat to die, by the pizza guy
No he's not too fly to skeet in a skeezer eye
And squeeze her thigh, maybe give her curves a feel
The same way she feel him when he flow with nerves of steel
They call the super when they need some back... uhh... plumbing fixed
"How it's only one left? The pack come in six!
Whatever happened to two and three?"
A herb tried to slide with four and five and got caught
Like, "What you doing G?
Don't make him have to get cuttin like truancy
Matter fact, not for nothin, right now, you and me!"
Looser than a pair of Adidas
I hope you brought your spare tweeters
MC's sound like cheerleaders
Rappin and dancin like Redhead Kingpin
DOOM came do the thing again, no matter who be blingin'
He do it for the smelly hubbies
Seeds know what time is it like it's time for Tellie Tubbies
Few got it, even fewer can sell it
Take it from the man who wear a mask like a 'tarded helmet
He plot shows like robberies
In and out, one, two, three, no bodies, please
Run the cash and you won't get a wet sweatshirt
Mic the shotty: nobody move, nobody get hurt
Bring heat, like your boy done gone to war
He came in the door, and "Everybody on the floor!"
A whole string of jobs, like we on tour
Every night on the score, comin to your corner storeHere’s another one
Notha-notha-notha one
Nameer’s back for his  mother’s son…
Cuz that coward’s got nuts like his uncle does
“Member what you did to your brother once?”
You got him kidnapped for some shit you had done?
I guess it just runs in the family, doesn’t it?
It’s why I’m someone people just love to be fucking with…
“Bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum”
Nameer’s a dumb fuck with a gun you want to run from
“Bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum”
Nameer’s wants to shoot everyone who had fucked him
And so it happens
As it always happens
When someone feeling crossed attacks the culprits asses
Nobody passes
His broken path cuz
One of his blows
Might put you in a casket…
No point in asking
Your God for some answers…
Cuz you motherfuckers already had your chancesHere’s my grand entrance:
Nameer crawls in with his banging fists
Blood trailing his pants and shit
I’m screaming, "Hey there’s a cat who’s ticked…
I picked the wrong cat with a stick!"
But they all laugh at my shit like I’m some cracked up kid…
What am I to do..
When two minutes later
The whole room
Ignores me like my parents loved to do…
But when the door's opened and I see that damned cat…
I peed my pants and grabbed the nearest knife in a napkin
I wanna stab my neck with a slit worse than if the cats claws could get to me first...
Which it does…
Man it’s been a while
Since I
Let me voice get out
Feels good
To give my inner thoughts
Freedom
Before Mr. Trump
Kills the
Freedom…